My life is out of balance


I am unbalanced


I am out of control


I can’t be moderate


I always get it wrong


Nothing works for me


I stuff up everything I do


I am a klutz


I can’t fix it


Everything I do goes wrong


I attract trouble


I have ruined my whole life


I can’t get it right


I am in the wrong place


I can’t make it work (klutz)


I can’t fix it


I will never be able to fix it up


Supporting beliefs and predictions


Other people have to fix my life for me


Wherever I am I don’t like it. I need to move


Linked Issues


Success; Fixing problems; Solutions; Achievement;


Twitter:
Double consonants are tricky. I try to avoid having to write accommodation because I always get it wrong.
No matter how many times I try my best, I’m always in the wrong..
I don’t get it 


( my ex told me the  reason he wanted a divorce was because I was always right. I looked at him said..no i was really really wrong at least once.
- idiot didnt get it)


timing is everything
&somehow I'm afraid
I always get it wrong


i try to be fair and consistent when. key word try. i definitely don’t always get it right..but that’s my intention and when i’m wrong i can admit it


don’t get me wrong, i had some down moments. but life always has a balance and i’m thankful for thoughts friendships i’ve lost, the jobs i didn’t get, it all had madd me learn in some way


Sorry I did mean rou predictive text that was my surgeons name.why do I always get it wrong with you


How do I fix my own mistakes?
I've done bad things, I've treated people poorly and I ended up as the bad guy, how am I supposed to undo it?
How can I live knowing I'm the villain in someone's story?
Do I deserve to fix them, to feel better and forgive myself?


I'll take a good look once I start working on my own game project. I get incredibly frustrated when I'm facing mistakes I can't fix, so that'll give me a way to immediately turn the criticism into better work.


I did my own mistake. I chose to do the mistake. I responsible for my own mistake. I will face my own mistake for my whole life. I hope i can fix my own mistake


Excuse you, I am an adult. I am old enough to make my own decisions, realize it was a terrible mistake, Google how to fix it myself, then call my dad crying. Thank you very much


I never take the metro. But when I do. Everything that can go wrong. Goes wrong.


Yeah she like activily goes out to find something to hell at me about. And she expects to be perfect and everything and when I'm not she gets mad. Also she sometimes insults me when I do something wrong like calling me mentally disabled or something


Everything goes fine when anyone does, but when I do that same shit with the same way, Everything goes fuckin wrong!!!!!


why is everything I do goes wrong?


Sometimes I feel like nothing ever goes right in everything I do relationships friendships etc. like am I really doing sum wrong or I’m just not good enough


I'm fucking done. Apparently I'm nothing but a pos "friend" and all I do is ducking put everyone down and I'm just a pos fiance and dont do anything fucking right. And everything that goes wrong in my life is either 100% my fault or I deserve it. 👌 I just dont fucking belong ig


Idk how some people do it but when i drop an assignment or if something goes missing or wrong on my watch.. i really take it to heart. 🤦🏾‍♂️ why must i feel EVERYTHING Like i do..


no matter what i do, everything goes wrong.


Exhausted. Everything I do just goes wrong


bc i do now. everything around me goes wrong it’s like a curse




Too Scared to Try
Friendship is that unique asset that I don't believe I've ever possessed. I have qualities of value. I'm a survivor – still going strong, in spite of myself! And I have no intention to quit anytime soon. But I'm that perennial loser who simply cannot communicate in the ways of social niceties that everyone around me seems to find so seamlessly simple. Friendship eludes me. It's like I was made for (or came from) another world. I'm a 23 year old, male, college-drop out, unemployed, friendless virgin living at home, gnashing my teeth and bemoaning the cruel fate that deep down I know I have chosen for myself. I should stop crying and start doing; I should take charge of life and create an action plan to make things better. But I petrified with fear of saying or doing all the wrong things.


I get that we're not supposed to be swayed by the thoughts, opinions, attitudes, and expectations of others ... but these are exactly the things that paralyze me with self-doubt. I get all antsy and angtsy. I start fretting about things I know are just phantasms of my fevered imagination. But the self-sabotage runs too deep – and I can't bring myself to do whatever is needed to make a social connection ... to meet people ... to make friends.


It's the easiest thing for some people. It's why humans have such big brains: so we can cope with the most complicated and baffling thing in our environment ... Other People. But perhaps something is wired just a smidge “off” in my own neural pathways, because That-Which-I-Crave is also That-Which-I-Fear.


I have that utterly shy, nervish disposition. I rush rapidly towards mistakes. I'm tired of being me. I want to switch places with someone “cool.” I'm scared of talking. I'm lonely, broken, and need ... well ... some sort of good interaction with another human being. I have tended my own garden much too long.


In reluctantly resolving to become a hermit, I've exchanged the agony of social competition for the punishment of shattered dreams and the hollow, interminable emptiness of silent forever. Does that make sense? Weekends are the same as weekdays; nights the same as days; holidays the same as “working days.” I'm too awkward, too bitterly shy, too lonely to ever have (much less be) anyone's best friend ... and that hurts.


I wish I'd made better choices, I wish I had more money, I wish I knew how to care more (or at least enough less to where it no longer bothered me). I feel that I'm an honest nothing – a cipher, a social brick. Just a neruotic hermit. I want to go to parties, I want to make friends, I want to return to school, I want to work a job (a blasphemy for my demographic cohort!) ... well, maybe not. But I want to want to work – isn't that what normal people do? I just wish I could transform myself into a normal person.


I should probably sleep more – or less. I guess honestly, it depends on the day! I'm such a mess. I probably ought to be getting a “healthy amount” of sleep. That would go a long way towards re-balancing my serotonin. But then what? The fault, dear NEET, is not in our monoamine neurotransmitters, but in ourselves, that we are wimps and weaklings: celibate singles and misanthropic monks, wishing and hoping for a better outcome than this troglodytic existence we know deep down we have subconsciously selected for ourselves.


Some days I wish I could snap my fingers and magically switch places with someone at random. The odds would seem to be in my favor of hitting at least a small jackpot, though I'd be forever chased by a guilty conscience over having condemned some stranger for a lifetime of being me.


I've got no one to blame but myself. And yeah, I know, it's a familiar story. Nothing new under the sun. This blue-green marble has seen hundreds of millions like me. But you and I – we are both children of the same cosmos as all the winners of the world. Don't we deserve a tiny bit of success ... or joy ... or at least mitigation of pain? I can accept that tangible resources might never be distributed equally among the masses, but what about intangibles like the simple sensation of contentment, joy, peace, and happiness? I'm losing sleep worrying about the fact that I'm losing sleep. I'm drinking alcohol to sooth my guilt over having drank too much alcohol. I'm digging myself a deeper hole in order to try to dig my way out of this hole. I know what I'm doing isn't working: why can't I find a proper vector of transformation and force myself to change in that direction?


How do you differentiate when it's "you" and not your "illness" running the show?


Bipolar, don't know what to do anymore...
Sorry for the randomness… My mind is everywhere.


I am Bipolar/Manic Depressive, and have been since High School. I was fine when I was on medication, but shortly after graduating I didn’t have insurance anymore because my mother removed me from hers even though I was still 17 because she felt my problems were not her problems. That was about 9 years ago.


I really don’t know why I cannot get better. I know I need medication, but I am but a poor college student, and my wife cannot afford to add me to her insurance due to how little she makes. I have everything I have ever wanted, I married my high school love, we have a beautiful daughter, everything should be great, but I am always depressed, and always hiding it.


Things up here have gone to shit the last few years. We live in the middle of the oil boom, and have watched rents go from $500 per month to $2500 per month, while pay hasn’t increased at all. My wife has one of the best paying jobs in town, and thus earns “too much” for low income, but only pulls in $1500 per month. My daughter has seizures, and the medical bills have piled up to the point I can’t even keep track of them anymore. She just had another EEG to once again try to find out what is wrong, as up until now they thought they were just febrile seizures. I curse myself, it’s my bad genes, my family is the only one that has seizure disorders in it, it’s my fault she is having them…


We were renting my mother’s house, but she has since decided she wanted to try to sell to an oil field family, and make triple what she paid for it, and thus we had to move out. We had to move in with my wife’s family, and we make a 45 minute drive in every day so she can go to work and I can go to college. On top of all this my family has disowned me, as my mother told them we were freeloading and living in her house for free, even though we made her entire house payment, paid all utilities, and took care of her animals that stayed there.


I can’t sleep at night; all I do is go over everything, every decision, every mistake I have ever made. The way I feel has to be my fault, it just has to be. Why can’t I be happy when I have such a wonderful family…. I also think about the finances, as I am the only one that deals with that. I should probably balance the budget rather than wasting my time complaining…


My wedding anniversary is coming up, and since there is no internet where we live, I bought my wife a laptop so perhaps every once in a while we could come into town and use the college internet, maybe play some games together like we used to. But I made the mistake of also getting her the Sims 3, so she always wants to play that, rather than anything with me, like Age of Empires 2 HD, or Torchlight 2, or Minecraft, or even Runescape….


My college friend will be here soon to visit me, as he does every Tuesday and Thursday. He has no idea how much sitting and talking with me helps me. He brings his laptop, and we used to play SWToR, but lately he has gotten new games on Steam and so he just plays those…. I miss playing games together.


It’s sad to think how many subscriptions I have for games that I am just too lazy to cancel. I got back into WoW to play with a friend, but then they got busy, and so I just don’t play anymore. Everyone I played SWToR with got busy, so I don’t play that. My wife never wants to come into town to play games, so the two subscriptions to Runescape are just wasting money…


Lately, I have honestly thought a lot about death. Being that the oil field is everywhere where I live, sometimes I see one of those big semi-trucks coming toward me in the other lane, and think about pulling in front of them. But I don’t want to hurt other people, or mess up their lives. Then I think about my wife and kid, and wonder why I even think such things.


I hide my feelings from friends. I am generally really happy when I am hanging out with friends or my wife and kid, but once I get alone I sink into a pit of depression and nothing really helps.


At this point, I don’t know what to do anymore.


I feel like I am out of control
I had a great life. Very vanilla but good. I was well liked in college. Once I graduated and moved to Minneapolis my life been spinning out of control . My bf in Florida was done with me and I live in a cold state away from everything I ever knew. Now I got involved in drugs and guys I hardly know. Even tonight I agreed to meet a guy just because he had drugs for me . At times I dream death comes for me . Sorry for this I am really sorry .


Why do I mess up good things in my life?


I'm not sure I'm depressed, but I definitely hate myself.
It's unfortunate to hate yourself, but I don't know what to do about it.


By most standards, I have an incredible life. Wife, dog, house, great job, I've traveled a ton, some close friends, most of what you'd enjoy. I'm the "funny" one. I'm very good at my job. However I always come back to how pathetic I think I am. I'm fairly certain I'm merely acting out a facade others want to see. The impression of success. I wish I could change but I'm not even sure what I would change into. I feel like I can't talk to anybody about this because I honestly don't even know what it's about. I feel lost. Hopeless. And most of all, shame for feeing so shitty given all I've been afforded in life. It's a circle of hating myself mixed with feeling bad for hating myself. I have the keys to my life and I'm too much of a coward to do anything about it, whatever "it" even is. I imagine others can relate, I'm not unique, we all have self doubt and self pity to an extent. I just can't seem to shake the feeling of being a fraud. I need to quit drinking. I need to gain my self control back. I need to do so many things, but fuck it. This is who I am I guess.


Anyway, I just wanted to get this off my chest. I have people I can talk to, but I'm afraid they'll think less of me. "Real friends won't think less of you," I know, I know.


I feel disconnected.
I don't know when it started. But always, I have always been felt like I am not connecting to anyone. I meet people, I make friends, I seem okay on the outside with a quirk - they don't think I don't care, or they think I'm insensitive. I grew up in a normal family setting, with a mother, a father and me. I am adopted. My real parents gave me away because they can no longer support another kid in the family. Like, why do even have a child in the first place? I did not wish to be here.






The family I live with now says insensitive stuff to me as if I never had feelings. When I was at school they think I was never enough, and that whoever the neighbor's kid is better than me. Just this New Year's, my biological mom got hospitalized and I did not visit her. My foster dad told me I was too busy doing nothing that's why I did not visit.






Why would I visit this woman, someone I barely know, someone who I knew, gave me away?I feel like no one understands how I feel, and I tried so many times to tell them that I've been struggling with daily activities as well because of a number of reasons:


- I lost all motivation to proceed. I still go to work, but that's my life. Work and sleep.


- I do not want to go out. I feel like I would just get myself ran over my a car if I would.


- All my interests, or past hobbies no longer interest me.


- I feel like there is no point in living just to die a few years after, and I could not bear these suicidal thoughts in my head that it makes my head hurt everytime.


- I hurt myself. I bump my head, punch it, pull my hair, cut- anything that could possibly make the suicide thoughts go away and it's very unsuccessful; it makes me want to die more.


- I have a history of suicide attempts and no one in my family knows about it.


- I got manipulated and drugged two years ago; I was raped. That event led me to having a baby, which my family thinks that I just had a boyfriend that did not took responsibility. I love my baby, however those events even though now fuzzy, still play on my head multiple times everytime I look at her. I love her but I could not bring myself to love her a 100%. Sometimes I could not handle it to the point where I get panic attacks. Because of this my foster parents believe that I could not raise her, simple because I am irresponsible.


- I recently got married but I found out that since I got diagnosed with a hormonal syndrome after I had my first baby, there is very little to no chance that I would have a child. They still hope and think that it's not real; and no one believes me. I have given up all hope because I know it's no longer possible for me to bear a child.


I feel like I only exist to be a side character in everyone I met, and will meet. I feel like I'm just here to watch and do nothing. I am very unhappy, I feel lonely in this world, and I would love to escape this as soon as possible. I want to escape the world, because I'm tired. I feel like life is so hard on me and I'm tired and I want to sleep forever. The thought of actually committing suicide is eating at my brain, occupying all my thoughts. I can't control it. I want to die so bad.


I know I need help but I could not bring myself to go to a doctor.


I posted this because I feel like I'm at my wit's end and no one to vent out to.


I haven't got any direction
Hey y'all. I guess this sounds a bit cliche, but I just don't know where to start. I also apologize in advance; this may be a jumble of mess without any kind of structure. And also for the copious amount of italics usage. Thanks.


A few months ago I had a dream. I knew that this was my subconscious telling me that everything isn't fine and to stop ignoring it, to finally do something about it.


I feel worthless. People are doing so much better around me. Kids my age are doing volunteer work, they're providing for the family, studying, bettering themselves and the world in general... I'm just here sitting in my room watching YouTube, browsing Reddit, and typing to strangers online. What am I doing with my life? Everything and everyone is going and flying right by me. I haven't any plans, and the plans that I do have are just too far to reach. I'd love to become a musician, but I can't see myself writing any good songs. I'd love to draw as well, but I can't seem to get myself to start. Protecting the environment is also very important to me, but I feel like anything I do would be too minuscule to help, or when pursing a career, I'd just turn everything sideways. I honestly feel that I'd f everything up if I did anything.


School isn't much help either. I haven't any counselors or faculty that really care about us. They all seem dead inside. Maybe they are, and I can't blame them for that. But I seriously can't talk to anybody about anything. And the ones that do, my classmates just take advantage of their relaxed personality. It ruins the experience for everyone and breaks my heart knowing that they have to deal with these bratty teenagers 180 days a year.


So I don't have anyone to talk to, I have only got one IRL close friend, I've known him for five years and I still don't feel comfortable opening up to him. I thought my Discord was a safe place, but now they're just arguing and arguing constantly. I've started to distance myself from since I can't join VC or chat without their negativity transferring over to me.


I can't even work up the courage to talk to my mother or sister about this. I don't know if they'll get me, reaching for them all suddenly like this. Sure, they'll try to cheer me up but I know that it isn't going to help. Nothing really cheers me up right now. I just don't feel comfortable talking about this to anyone, except y'all online. Maybe it's because I don't feel that my feelings are valid. The worst thing that I want to hear is that "This is normal." "It's just a phase." "You'll get over it." I'm just afraid that I'm wasting everyone's time with nonsense.


I want to cry. I want to let it out. I want to let it all out. I just want to feel something other than nothing, anger, or disappointment... but nothing's coming. I guess I've gotten too used to bottling everything up.