I don’t belong


I am unwelcome


I don’t fit in anywhere


I am lost


I am all alone


I can’t help myself


I am unwanted


I’m a creep


I’m an alien


I should not be here at all


Supporting beliefs and predictions


Nobody wants to know about me




Linked Issues


Belonging; Connection; self-nurturing




From Twitter with ‘I dont belong’:


i always felt like people are designed to leave me, you know? i always felt like im the barriers between my friends, family and all. I always felt so lonely with everything. I feel like i'm the one that annoys everybody and i feel like i just dont belong here.


I feel like i dont belong to my friends anymore... should i keep a distance from them to and think whenever they're good influencer or bad?


What the hell am i doing here i dont belong here


I'm tired of feeling like I dont belong and I'm just annoying and wants to stop


People think I am annoying


im a creep ! im a Weirdo ! ! What the hell am I doing here ? ? ? I dont belong here ! ! ! 


i feel disconnected from this world . Like im always searching my place but i dont find it i dont have a place in this world . I wasnt supposed to be born . I do not belong here . My life itself was a mistake .


i dont belong anywhere


I always feel that im an outcast. Like i dont belong to anything at all.


Even amongst family I feel like i dont belong.


Sometimes i feel like i dont belong here


I'm a creep 
I'm a loser
What the hell am I doing here
I dont belong here 
 - every person with social anxiety
     Ever


I know where i am from. I know where i live. But i dont know where i belong..


i genuinely dont think i belong on ed twt, im such a pig and when i say it i mean it


I am not feeling good today, so much so I stayed home from work. I felt so shitty I wasnt even gonna reply. Some days I still dont even feel like I belong or fit in or mean anything


People are so cruel and evil i swear i dont belong here


I just notice that there’s cliques at my job and i dont belong to any 


cant f wait to go home and never go back to this old and sick city. i dont belong here.


I hate this world so much. I dont belong here at all


why i cant feel anything?
i want to cry but i cant
i only keep feel anxious all the time
Im not like myself..
Like.. im starting lost my mind..
i cant feel anything
what is this
i want to cry
but i cant..
Its like i dont belong to this world




From Twitter with ‘feel like an alien’:


Right now I feel like an alien
Like I'm sitting in a state of perpetual frustration


hate having social anxiety (& being antisocial altogether) cause idk how to communicate with people normally?? like i wanna be friends but i feel like an alien on earth trying to figure out how humans work & how not to be awkward


They really are. I feel like an alien on a very hostile planet most days!


When you start evolving you'll really feel like an alien in this matrix ..like you'll finally understand exactly why you never fit in, you were never meant to


I'm lost like an alien from another planet and kidnaped on the earth,I feel like I can't go back home,I wanna feel peaceful,I wanna feel better❤️


I'm literally like the most awkward person in the world when I'm commissioning someone, I deadass feel like an alien communicating through google translate


”Right now I feel like I'm an alien,
I'm so fucking dangerous,
Cover up the evidence with medicine”
I feel like an alien every day of my life


I dont feel human I feel like an alien impersonating human.


feel like an alien in my skin and in my community,


until you realize the inevitability of feeling misunderstood by everyone you meet. I feel like an alien.


Reddit:
idk whats wrong i feel like i dont belong anywhere
hi there , i'm not sure how to start this off but i have to get this off my chest and i have nobody to turn to so i'm just going to throw it out there.


i was never a shy as a kid nor was i anti social or anything like that , i always had friends and they always came naturally and i was always a daredevil (in a non mischievous way).


i grew up with 3 older brothers and one younger brother and my older brothers all have criminal backgrounds (robery , assault, extortion, etc) they're pretty bad guys but me i was never anywhere close to how they were but my older brother who'm i spent most of my time with who is 9 years older than me thought


'because he's a daredevil and does dumb stuff ocasionally as a kid means that i have to take care of him and make sure he doesnt end up like us"


and he did , every time i'd step out of line i'd get beat , everytime something went on or i had a chance to go out and have fun i'd get yelled at or smacked or both , my dad didnt help either he allowed it because in my family the one older than you always has the last say and is always right.


So what ended up happening is out of fear of getting beat i'd just sit at the computer all day and play games , i still had friends in high school and such but i never went out because when i wanted to they'd pull me back in the house and scream at me , thinking i wanted to go break into cars to steal radio's (like my brother did when he was that age) and then i'd get smacked again.


i was always skinny and fairly weak, even spent 1 week in the hospital with a collapsed lung because i was so skinny , by this time i had a routine , go to school , come home play games eat sleep repeat, and in the weekends i'd stay at home


my older brothers and father also had bad experiences with alcohol and drugs in the past so they always tried to make sure i wouldnt do any of it even though i had no interest in those things to begin with, one time i came home and my shirt smelled of sigaretes from sitting next to a guy at a buss stop and i got beat for that.


so i've so far never drank or smoked in my life , now i'm 25 and all of them wonder why i never leave the house , why i never travel , why i havent brought a girl back home yet , why i'm the anti social one and when i bring up all of the above they tell me to man up and stop being a pussy , but i can't what do i even do or say??


I always took care of my younger brother , i always helped him when he needed me and never laid a hand on him , and in my family the older brother always takes care of his younger brother , mine beat me screamed at me for even slightly stepping out of line and i didnt do the same for my younger brother and he's going to events , travelling with friends having a normal life in general and i'm sitting here at home just staring at a screen all day waiting to go to sleep , every weekend i hope its over quickly so i can go to work and forget about how misserable and lonely i am despite having a large family.


i'm currently employed , i fill my days up with as much work as i possibly can to keep my mind off of these kinds of things but i'm lying here now and i can't sleep and i know i'l be laughed at if i told this to anyone of my family members i have never been able to turn to them for help so i'm not going to bother starting now.


i'm just so confused , idk whats wrong with me , i have no friends at all i have colleagues which i get along with fine but its not the same , once work is over all social contact fades and i find myself back in the same spot that i have been for 15 years , all my high school friends are having the time of their lives getting married having kids travelling the world and i'm just a fucking waste of air, i dont even have the guts anymore to look anyone in the eyes in public because i feel like i'm beneath everyone , that i'm less than human.


i'm sorry if this seemed ranty but i had to get it off my chest and maybe , just maybe someone might read this


I dont have a place where i belong
I know that because whenever i walk in school, i see faces gleaming with smiles. Looking forward towards the rest of their day, excited of what the future may hold. Where friendships are pure & life was much more simpler. Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow i will be giving the same face. A straight poker face & I cant help but to feel “how nice would it be, if i just appreciate things just like them?” But i honestly cant. I don’t have friends, money or anything. I tend to rely more on my S/O. But deep down i know we cant be together forever. With my flaws, you’d definitely find someone all over again, you’d leave me alone. & that’s the breaking points. I dont think i can take that. Yet I know, i belong nowhere. If you ever leave me. I belong nowhere. & i honestly just want a place. Somewhere.


I feel lost. Like I know that I’m not supposed to be here. I don’t belong.
There’s no point in life. We live only to die. I don’t want to keep fucking up all the time. I manage to piss people off just by existing and I don’t want to do that. I don’t think life will get any easier and I’m tired of trying. I feel like the villain in everyone’s life.


This world is disgusting.


I feel so lost
I feel so lost


I feel so sad and lost. It’s frustrating and I hate complaining cuz I do have friends, supportive family, pretty well off etc. but I can’t seem to stop being sad and wanting to not exist. I have taken antidepressants and therapy. I think it has helped the extremes but I feel like I will never know happiness and it makes me feel really dark about the world we live in. I don’t know what to do anymore.


I feel completely lost
Hi, im a 23 yo guy, and there is this girl, we have been friends for quite some time now, ive always liked her, like in a romantic way, and like a month ago i told her how i felt about her and she said she didnt feel the same way about me, that we were just friends. I thought i was okey with that, because a little part of me always hoped that we could evolve to something more.


Anyways yesterday she came over to my place, we made dinner and ate together and after we ate she told me she had to go soon, because she was going to see some other friends. Ofc that was no problem, but later i checked her snapmap and shes with some other guy, going to the movies etc, and i just startes to feel like shit. And i just cannot get rid of this feeling of betrayl sortof... i realise this sounds completely fucked up as im writing this.. but yeah.. i sent her some snaps and after like 2 hours of no response i start to overthink and begin to feel even more like shit, so i decide to block her... and now it just feel like i have an empty hole inside me...


Dont have many people to talk to so i decided to just post it here to get this shit out of my head


I'm Lost
This is the first time I have ever posted anything like this so go easy on me. I feel lost and alone. My inability to show emotion in real life has led to the destruction of everything I care about. I'm in the process of divorce, changed jobs, and am completely blocking everyone out from my old life. I can't help but wish I could talk to my ex, but am unable to. She has been the only person I have really been myself around and have been with her since I was 16. I feel as though I left to make her life better, but am unable to understand myself and reasoning. I fake happiness constantly, but I think others are begging to catch on. Any advice is appreciated. I typically don't consider myself a depressed person, so I haven't learned to cope.


I just feel lost.
I'm sure I'm going to get a lot of "boo-hoo" comments and/or downvotes for this post, but I just needed to get it all out there. Now I'm not trying to pretend that I have it bad, because I don't. I'm a 25 year old man, living in a good neighborhood in a good town in America. My family is upper class. But, as the title says, I just feel lost. I haven't had a job since the new year, while a bunch of my friends who work in the same industry have found more work.


Everytime One of my friends posts something, or texts me about a new job they got on I just feel like a total loser because I can't find any. I've applied for a number of jobs, but haven't heard back from any. I love what I do, and when I work I'm extremely happy.


I haven't been in a relationship in years, and haven't been even close to having a connection with someone in that way in a very long time. I've had random hook ups every now and then, but nothing substantial. And it probably doesn't help in this regard that I still live at home. Now, I love my house, and my mom, but I can't help but feel that living here is why I can't seem to get into a relationship, but that could just be my mind telling me something else.


I go through the same routine every day. Wake up, go to the gym, come home, get cleaned up, and do stuff on the internet/play video games/watch movies/read for the rest of the day. I'll go out with my friends some days, but most of the time they're at work, or I don't feel like going out for some reason.


I just needed to get this off my chest and tell someone how I was feeling. Sorry if this isn't the right kind of post for this sub, I just didn't know where else to go.


I feel like I've lost myself.
Me and my mental issues fucked up the best relationship I've ever had in my entire life. It's been months since the breakup but the pain still feels so fresh. She begged me to get help but I was too scared. She tried to help me herself but I wasn't strong enough to stick to it. She tried and tried. I just got worse and increasingly volatile. I said so many things that I regret. I broke her trust and her love for me. She can't even talk to me because it just brings horrible memories back to her. The bad times were so bad she can barely remember the good. I got help and I've tried to do better. I said I was sorry. We tried to be friends a few times and things were great at first but being around me was too hard for you. I miss my best friend. I miss laughing and having fun. I miss not feeling like life is pointless. I miss you. I feel so broken without you in my life. I just want to lay down and die.


Feels like a dark deep hole
I m Indian and recently my bro 30 years old got diagnosed with acute renal failure we been trying to get him the treatment and I feel scared depressed and all sad things as m going through this experience . We r do poor that I m afraid wat if we won't b able to give him the treatment he deserves . No father I lost him to liver failure 4 years back now this is happening . My mum's got cardiomegaly my bf lives 1000 miles away. I feel lost n idk wat to do . I dont want to live or die at the same time. Any advice how to survive this . M crying everyday idk wat will happen next. Pls tell me smthn cz m loosing my mind this time. M scared of hospital n costs n loosing my faith in life n god. I need help. Wat should I do . I wanna do everything but I cant control my depressed mind n m crying n want to show them that m done with my life but cant. Pls suggest


Sometimes I feel like I have completely lost in life
I'm 26 years old working full time and can barely afford the room in my friend's house at $200 a month. People always tell "you're young you have plenty of time to enjoy life"..... I'm a quarter of the way through my life if im unfortunate enough to live to be 100. I'm not married, have a car thats falling apart, no credit, i owe my college $400 for last semester and if I manage to get back on track for my associate's degree I will be in my mid 30's which means I wont actually make any real money until im damn near 40.. if it wasn't for the fact that my little sister and gf would miss me I'd probably eat a bullet. I've pretty much failed at life.


Wondering where I fit in
I tell my SO I am depressed and feel lost and feel lost. Her response is to just get over it. I tell my family I am so super overwhelmed that I don't know what to do their reaponse is it will get better. It never has gotten better I have been this way for 90% of my life. The only person that brings me enjoyment is my daughter who I just got custody of,but that puts tons more stress on me. Sometimes it feels like it would be better to just go hide in a Cave and that way maybe i would be happy. I find people to talk to and that helps but then ended up being ghosted most times because people now think there is no consequences when they just leave others..


I'm feeling lost
So much has been happening lately and i have such a weight on my shoulders. One of my friends of ten years had a bad drug problem and died. My grandpa died. My mom is being tested for cancer. I'm also feeling incredibly lonely but i don't have time to hang out with anybody or go out and meet new people. I was supposed to go on a date with someone but they decided to fuck me over and treat me like shit.


Sorry for the paragraph, just need to vent i guess


I feel so lost today... i'm so emotionless. I wanna leave.
I feel like i'm at my wit's end with this town and its people. I dont feel much emotions i'm numb. I don't feel pain but I also don't feel like doing anything else. There is this small light within me that thinks leaving might be the answer


I feel trapped by who I am.
So I am not entirely sure where to begin my tale of woe, but I have recently started my second year of university, and After starting the new year I have become blindingly aware of how irrelevant I am. I constantly feel like a third-wheel or an unwanted friend by pretty much every one know.


I have found it hard to meet new people, whenever I go out alone I feel like a creep. I just stand there, awkwardly in the corner doing nothing, other then occasionally glancing at my phone, despite knowing that no-one will ever use it to contact me, and when I go out with a friend, It's just the same except there's two of us now. and I'll be blamed when it inevitably goes poorly, despite the other person being worse at this then me.


Now would probably be a good time to explain that I have mild Aspergers syndrome, which by extension makes me mildly autistic. I do my beast to avoid becoming a cliche, but I just find so hard to understand and communicate any real emotions or thoughts with people. I would love to be suave, charming and handsome but instead the best I can do is be sarcastic or awkward, or better still to just stay silent and nod.


I guess what I am trying to say, Is that I feel trapped. No matter how much I try I cannot meet new people, and I am slowly drifting away from the people I used to know, and I am starting to understand how alone I really am.


and that kinda sucks.