I am defective


It’s my fault


I am guilty


I am bad


I am not whole


I am imperfect


I am unattractive


I am flawed


I am stupid


I am awkward


I am slow


I can’t be me


I am hopeless


I’m not true


I’m dirty


I am ugly


I am fat


I’m shameful

I am a mistake.

I do everything wrong.

My life is a disaster and I am a mess.


I am unclean


I am useless


I am a reject


I am crazy


I am unbalanced


I will fail


I am a failure


I am a loser


I will lose


I don’t deserve to be loved


I don’t deserve to be cared for


I don’t deserve anything


There’s something wrong with me


Supporting beliefs and predictions


People can tell there is something wrong with me


Linked Issues
Integrity; Reason; Balancing giving and  receiving; Emotional age; Growth; Avoiding “flips” between opposite positions


I am no good


I am bad


I am crazy


I am broken


I am unfixable, unrepairable


I cannot be healed


I am doomed


I am going to die early in life


I am damaged (goods)


I am mentally defective


I am emotionally crippled


I am emotionally defective


I have a mental problem


Supporting beliefs and predictions


I am hurting, in pain

abnormal
damaged
deficient
faulty
flawed
inadequate
insufficient
unhealthy
unsound
amiss
blemished
impaired
imperfect
incomplete
injured
lacking
on the bum
out of order
poor
seconds
sick
subnormal
unfinished
wanting

adequate
ample
enough
perfect
sound
strong
sufficient
well
working
excellent
faultless
flawless
unbroken
MOST RELE

adequate
ample
enough
perfect
sound
strong
sufficient
well
working
excellent
faultless
flawless
unbroken
MOST RELE

abnormal
damaged
deficient
faulty
flawed
inadequate
insufficient
unhealthy
unsound
amiss
blemished
impaired
imperfect
incomplete
injured
lacking
on the bum
out of order
poor
seconds
sick
subnormal
unfinished
wanting


People can see that I am defective


Someone else will heal, fix or repair me


Unless you heal me I will never get better


Nobody can heal my pain


Linked Issues


Self healing, defects; perfection, pain




“Do I really think that? If I really think that, I must be a bad person. No, I definitely do not think that.

When your boyfriends friend walks into the apartment and sees you fully naked. I wanna die #embarrassed 

I dont deserve love and kindness, Im a monster

Im sick in the head and I deserve nothing. I havent eaten in 2 days, only drank water and cut myself. I messed up bad and I cant tell anyone. I ruined my life

I feel defective
I feel defective... I was born with autism and I feel so defective compared to my peers. I can't focus for very long I'm too hyper and talkative and i draw attention with my stimming. I scare people away because of my "quirks" I guess I give s bad impression since so many of my "friends" in high school didn't accept my friend request and ghost me.

I feel defective
I'm a 20 year old man and I feel defective. I always struggled to fit in during my public school days, I thought it was just temporary. My mom always told me, "Just wait til you get to college, it will be a different story." Well, I'm in college now and I feel even more isolated and between that and my shit grades, getting out of bed everyday takes some effort. I have a job at a fast food place that isn't terrible. I put on a somewhat positive face everyday and get by. My co-workers are always asking me why I seem so serious and deadpan all the time but I just tell them i'm "chill" and "mellow".

I don't normally post online looking for approval/advice from strangers, but I feel particularly hopeless at the moment. I had given up on dating since high school when the only girl that felt pity for me tried to be my friend but I latched onto her like a damn magnet and it turned sour. Because I was a dumb 16 year old, I felt like she was in the wrong and didn't really speak to her for a while. After that, I gave up on dating in general because I felt like I wasn't attractive enough. In all honesty, I was a decently fit guy, was on the track team and actually wasn't a bad athlete. Fast forward to a month ago when a new girl starts at my job. I trained her on a few things and we got along pretty well. I actually looked forward to going to work because I knew I would see her there. I want to say she was kinda flirty but me being me, I can't be sure. We would text each other a lot, she would always respond within 5 minutes max. Anyways, I asked her if she wanted to hang out some time, she said sure and we eventually went to this sushi place because I had never tried sushi. I felt like it went ok, we had a lot in common it turns out. It was the first "date" I had ever been on and I feel like I did pretty well. However, it seems like after that day she started distancing herself from me. When she stopped replying to my texts, I casually mentioned it at work and she told me she was "going through some stuff". I felt bad for asking and told her I understood. Its been a few weeks now though and I stopped trying to text her after 2 unanswered messages a week apart. The way our schedules are set up, we don't get to see each other a lot anymore. She is friendly when I start a conversation with her, but she never starts one with me now. It just seems like after we hung out, any romantic interest she may have had died and now i'm just another dude. I know I shouldn't be making a big deal out of it and she probably doesn't want to hurt my feelings by making it obvious, but it's hard to deal with something like this when you feel like you will never feel love from the opposite sex.

I figured I shouldn't have all of my eggs in one basket so to say, so I downloaded Tinder. I got a few matches, but all the unanswered messages have left a similar bad taste in my mouth. It also doesn't help that I saw her on Tinder and it made me feel sick.

I try to do my best everyday, I lift 3 times a week and go on runs in between, but the post work out feeling is only temporary. My mom calls me sometimes and asks if I have any friends that I spend time with, I lie and tell her I do, but pray she doesn't ask any further questions.

I just wanted to say this so it's not bottled up inside my head. Thanks for reading.

I feel defective.
I just feel like everyone else can make friends and keep them.

I don’t feel like I ever developed the skill to maintain a friendship.

I asked my friend out today.

I had been honest with her about a month ago, that I was developing feelings for her and that while I didn’t want to ask her out then, I had to be honest with her because if I didn’t and it came out later, that I’d be afraid that the things we did as friends would be tainted.

Things were good. I felt better about the whole thing. I acknowledged that I hiding it was wrong, and that my main goal is that I just want to be a good friend.

Come today I asked her out. Over the weekend I came to the realization that I wanted to go out, at least once, with her.

She’s my friend, I want her to be happy, and I think I could do that now.

I asked her, she declined. I was a bit disappointed but at least I did it. Things were fine.

About two hours later I was sitting thinking about it when I clicked.

I don’t have any direct evidence of this, but she has been seeing someone, and seeing them for awhile at least as long, if not longer than when I told her I was developing feelings. The writing is on the wall and I didn’t read it until after.

Up until this moment I was fine. After, I couldn’t control myself. I just sort of colllapsed into myself.

She couldn’t trust me enough to even mention she was seeing someone.

This is just a repeat of me being a friend and no one telling me everything. I feel like a charity case that people hang out with to make themselves feel better.

They “hung out with the make a wish kid” and feel better about themselves.

No one ever really texts me. Maybe one or two people rarely.

I think that barring two factor authentication, if I didn’t text anyone else, I’d receive no texts from anyone for a week minimum.

I just wish the part of me that knew how to talk to people and have them want to talk to me worked. I feel like a ghost sometimes. I just wish I could be a better person that people like to go out of their way to talk too.

I hate feeling defective
I decided to put posts in this sub relating to feels while leaving r/foreskin_restoration for the reals.

TL;DR at the bottom.

The major cause of this is probably that I am probably on the scale of OCD, not debilitating, but enough to make me get really annoyed about minor things out of place.

I was, like many of you, circumcised at birth, meaning I had no input or even knowledge of what was being done to me. I never was really bothered by being cut, I knew I was and never cared because I didn't even know what that really meant.

Now, I feel like my body is "wrong". Like it's supposed to be intact and I can never fix that fully. I know the functionality is going to be more or less the same when I'm fully restored, but the little things like the Frenar Band that I'll never truly get back are the things that itch at me from inside. It doesn't matter. It will not really affect much, but I hate it.

This is how I act with about anything. If I place a plant wrong in Plants vs Zombies I have to remove it even if it doesn't hurt to keep it and it would actually benefit me. Kind of a shitty example but I hope you get it. Basically, I need everything to be exactly the way I want it to be and if it isn't I'll make it like that.

But that's the thing about this thing, I can't make it exactly correct.

I love my parents (most of the time) but the mental shit I'm going through right now means I just can't forgive them. Every thing they do pisses me off 10x more now and I end up being passive-aggressive with them for no reason, well a reason, but not one they know about.

Sorry for the rant post but I just like needed to tell someone.

Sometimes I feel defective.
Waking up today and reading about the events in Las Vegas just makes this realization more obvious. I know that it's a tragedy and I should feel some form of sadness or anger or concern. I know that's what normal people would do. I don't really feel anything though. I have an aunt who was there visiting. I reached out to see if she was alright. (She is. She flew back home yesterday evening before it happened.) My family seemed happy that I thought to check on her.

It's not just big events though. Even when people I personally know have passed away or had something bad happen, I didn't really know how to react. I know I'm capable of being sad. I was sad when we had to have our cat put down. But other times that bad things happened, my only reaction has been "That's not good" or a simple "I'm sorry." I almost feel like an alien though. I feel like it's just a script that I'm reading. And then I start to feel bad about myself for not having a real, proper reaction.

On a related note, I am actually fascinated with true crime. I like reading details about cases and how they were able to piece everything together. I feel like I probably should have gone to school for some kind of forensic science.

Anyway, I guess aside from venting a little bit, I was curious if anyone else had trouble with empathy or general emoting in situations. Have you found anything that helps? I'm tired of people thinking that I'm just being an asshole. :(

Feeling defective
Seeking Support
I did my good acquaintance makeup for her wedding today and am really struggling with it after departing. I didn’t know anyone else in the bridal party and watching all of the women engaged/in seemingly supportive normal relationships got to me. I just went through a really rough breakup where the guy I dated didn’t even visit me when I was hospitalized for being suicidal and I ended up breaking up w him during my hospitalization bc I realized our relationship was unhealthy.

While waiting for the brides hair to be done I got a text from a guy I just went on a date w basically telling me that he enjoyed our time together but that he didn’t feel he had the time to devote to starting a relationship blah blah. He was decent about it.

But basically I’m having a full blown crisis bc I just feel so defective and like I’ll never be “normal” or happy. It’s been almost 4 months of me being single, in therapy regularly and I felt like I was ready to consider dating again but clearly not. I really thought I was in a position where I also wasn’t just relying on anyone else to make me happy either. I feel like I’m mourning this dream or life I wish I had. I don’t know. I don’t think I’m just responding to the rejection side of things I think I’m just tired of putting on this mask of pretending like I’m better or fine when I feel like this messed up freak who’s never going to be better.

I just feel so tired and lonely. And my heart hurts seeing all these “normal” humans getting married having kids and I hate that I got so close to having that with my other relationship and now I’m just floating through life barely hanging on ya know?

I don't feel excited... and that makes me feel defective.

Can't cry, I feel.. Defective..
Kay, depression, beating back thoughts of self harm on a daily basis. Which is good, for what it is.

But I've never been able to cry. Been on hrt for five months now.. Everyone seems to talk about being finally able to, after being on hrt. Having a bad night, hypersensitive and super disphoric.. Grieving, it seems, over everything that's wrong with my body right now. I spent like half an hour bent double on my bed from the pain of whatever grief like feeling this is.. Still can't cry. That feels like a final straw to me. I'm so broken I can't even cry when I'm begging to, when everything hurts to the point of dry heaving.

The rest I can handle, kind of. What I need need need to know is if anyone else has this. Can't cry but need to experience. It feels worse than the rest of my usual crap combined..

I don't know how to function anymore. I feel defective
I have had depression for a while and I have been trying to deal with it. For me I feel like I am depressed for the dumbest reason, I am disappointed with my own life. I mean considering I have a stable internet connection, straights A's, Good Sat score, and all that other crap. I feel have no reason to be depressed and yet I do. I feel like I'm a failure, It was so bad that I didn't even get up in the morning I just slept through all my alarms and my parent's calling me to get up. I feel defective and pathetic. I genuinely want to be atleast okay. Because everyday I wake up and look at myself and hate every part of myself. I can't stand myself or the persona I put up so I don't seem like such a bore. Even typing this makes feel like an asshole. I just don't know anymore. Every time I try to forget I keep thinking. I mean the only thing that makes forget is eating, which is not healthy, that or my Girlfriend but she is a whole story in herself. God most of these sentences start with I. Currently all I have done is study and lay next to my laptop waiting for my GF to skype me. I don't think the later is happening. Anyways I hope the rest of y'all are feeling better than I am. Also advice would be much appreciated. I want something other than binge eating and my GF's sporadic calls to be things that make me happy.

feeling "defective"
I just feel like there's something wrong with me . like somehow people can see this big emptiness or darkness in me and don't want to be around me. I feel like everyone tells me I am talented and smart and capable but when it comes down to it I can never land a job or do an interview right, I feel like all of my friends say they like me or want to hang out with me but whenever I ask or try to make plans they cancel or they leave me out and i find out later. i feel like i'm wrong, I feel like something inside of me is evil and bad and everyone can see it. I feel worthless. i feel like a loser and a failure. i feel like i'll never make it and people just tell me things to placate me or to make me feel better or to spare my feelings. I hate feeling this way. i don't know what else to do.

Feeling like a defective monster
Seeking Support
I’m expecting an intense depression lately. I did some bad stuff. I lost my internet friend forever. He called me monster and told me he will never forgive me for what I did to him. He’s in therapy because of me. I basically snapped every time he showed me no caring. He became my punching bag for mouths. Always expressing my frustration. I tried to move on. But the guilt stays here. I’ve even attempted suicide lately. He just think I did everything because I’m a manipulative person. Now I don’t talk to him because he blocked me and he has traumas whenever he sees a chat text with my name on it. Bpd is always stuck with me. It’s impossible for me to have a stable relationship. I always end up becoming a monster. I am toxic. And lately I just felt like a walking corpse unable to love. I was that lucky that I recently found a partner, but I didn’t feel anything for them, and they are amazing...I’m starting to feel numb, but I want to experience love. I wanna learn how to love so bad but I’m scared. Fear and depression had locked my feelings. My partner told me to just open my heart...but I can’t,I just can’t. I feel defective for this. I feel like “glitched”, a broken toy, or something. Like...I shouldn’t work like this.

I feel like I'm defective.
So I've been intermittently employed since graduating university with my bachelors in 2013. Since then I've been working all kinds of temp jobs and short term work. I tried going into teaching in 2016 but I quit my PGCE when I realised I hated it and I had a terrible relationship with my mentor. Then I did my masters in Politics, Philosophy and Economics which I graduated this January. I spend the spring and summer after that working the pot wash at a restaurant, where senior members of staff would take great pleasure at belittling me for being there despite having a masters. I quit in August due to bullying and general mismanagement and called my boss some expletives as I had reached the end of my tether.

I'm 28 now. I'm in credit card debt and well into my overdraft, I have no savings, can't afford driving lessons (which I've been doing terrible at anyway), my girlfriend just left me, I've burned most of my bridges and I still seem to be clinically incapable of getting a graduate job, and most of the local office jobs have basically told me that I'm overqualified.

I don't know what to do and I feel like I've been cheated out of a happy life. I hate myself, because its probably my fault.

Is there anything I can do to feel less defective and get me out of this situation?

In the past couple of years, i’m consumed with how much I hate myself. I try to be kind, work hard, and self-improve, but every time Im around other people I feel like they don’t like me and even though i’m kind I feel awkward, I feel like I hurt the ones I love because I seek too much validation even though I have the most amazing love and shouldn’t mess it up, and a lot of times, I feel lacking and just try too hard and end up saying stupid things or have too much to drink and make a stupid mistakes, or am just anxious and quiet and boring. Regardless, it’s like every action leads me to burry myself in more self loathing. I want to be a great, happy person whose comfortable in my own skin. I’ve tried therapy and I’ve tried meditation which helps a little, but I just feel defective. Has anyone had this and overcome it? Any advice would be greatly appreciated

I Feel Broken and Defective
one of those loser types you see on TV and in movies. I'm an overweight , below average looking, 24 year old guy living in his mom's garage. I'm currently unemployed and waste most of my time reading fantasy books, watching TV shows and movies, being on YouTube, or just browsing the internet. I've never had many friends; right now I don't have any at all. I've never had a girlfriend or come anywhere close to having one. I've never kissed anyone or held anyone's hand in a romantic way. I've rarely had conversations with strangers, let alone girls, since highschool. I don't have a car or even a driver's license and I spend maybe 85 percent of my time at home in my little cage of a room. However, what's rarely shown in movies and TV shows is the crippling social anxiety disorder that some of us losers have to deal with. Even then, I know I'm the only one who can force myself to get over it but I can't seem to keep any motivation going for more than a few days. That's the depressions doing. I feel stuck. Like I'm gonna be this way forever. Like I'm always going to be alone forever. I also know that girls shouldn't be my first priority right now. There are so many other things I have to do first. But it's difficult to just cast aside the feelings of dread and loneliness that hang over me like clouds every moment of my life. Whenever I try, my mind always wanders back. At the end of it all it's up to me and only me to change. I know that. It's my fault I haven't had the will to do it. I just don't know how to work up the motivation. It's like whatever part of me that is supposed to drive me is broken or shut off and I don't know if I can be fixed.

My friend killed himself and it's my fault...
A couple of days ago I made a fake account to try to talk to him, because he blocked me, he was causing drama with me and my 2 friends. And I tried to talk to him. And he told me to kill myself and how he always hated me. And other stuff I'd rather not mention. Then I said something I really regret...I called him a "transgender bitch" because he was transgender. I don't have anything against anybody who is transgender. I just snapped. Then he yelled at me crying over the phone over how he said he will be killing himself because of me. The next day his parents found him dead. Empty pill bottles and was hung up. I miss him a lot...

I have no one and it's my fault
Have you ever insisted on your independence so much, that when there comes a time you actually need someone, you have no one to talk to? When you're more concerned that other people would think you're weak, or that you're afraid spending time with people would become a regular thing? Or you're afraid that people would think you only talk to them because you want something?

I can't keep friends and it's my fault
People just keep end up disliking me. I just come off as desperate, try hard, angry, decisive, too talkative.. nothing good. I constantly push people away.

It took me over a year to become even kind of friends with someone who isn't hard to become friends with. I'm pretty sure my boyfriend doesn't even like being around me a lot of the time.

I've just been so down about this for almost 7 years and I don't think it will change. I've changed so many times that I don't even know who I am. I just have kind of accepted I can't really have close friends unless they want to put up with who I am. I can't blame them for not wanting to be around me either.

I just don't see the point of pursuing anything or trying beyond a certain point I guess.

I'm good at being alone so I'll just have to accept a little longer. I'm lucky I don't mind being alone all that much, but it would be nice to have people who like me because they do, not because they're obligated to through work or being my boyfriend's friend.

It was all my fault
Everything was my fault, and every single day i feel this overwhelming guilt and regret. It haunts me in every aspect of my life. It won’t go away because I can’t apologize to the person I need to, I can’t even talk to them because they can’t even fathom the thought of me. There is no closure. I would do absolutely anything to turn back time and be a better person, or even just to say something, anything. I ruined the one good thing I had in life and hurt the only person I loved without even realizing it in the moment. I let everything that was happening to me turn me into a monster, someone so negative, causing so many unnecessary arguments and heartache. I miss them more than anything and have been empty for months. I’ve finally made the changes I had to as a person and it’s made me realize all of the things i’ve done and I can’t even bare the thought of how I used to let such little things get to me. Really bad things happened, things with significance, and I’ve never been so alone. They were all I had, my lover and my best friend, and I managed to mess that up. I love them and care about them more than anything after everything and I would do anything for them, even if they will never feel the same way about me. I hope they’re happy more than anything, and I hope one day they decide to talk to me again. We both made mistakes and needed to grow, but I never expected things to be this way. I still remember every promise and just hope that somewhere deep down inside they remember too, and still care about me. I will always be there and I’m so sorry, I just want them to know that, but all I can do is scream into the void and hope to feel something. I’m sorry.

I'm fat, ugly and worthless and I hate myself for it because its my fault
All I can do is sabotage and ruin shit for myself. I wanna lose weight and I workout and try to eat healthy, but then I binge eat because I'm depressed or because I have a moment of "i'll just fail anyway so fuck it". I'm a fat disgusting piece of shit and its no surprise I made it 22 years without any single person ever being attracted to me because why would they? I can't even fake confidence because I know how pathetic I am. Going in public/social media is cancer, because I'll see really attractive people or guys that are in relationships and it just serves as a reminder that I'll never have anything like that. But I still use instagram and stuff because I'm an idiot. The fucked up part is I don't even really compare myself to celebrities/models, I compare myself to my friends and other people I see (especially when i was in college) everyone is so good looking and here I am a troll that has to stand on the sidelines with no hope of ever being happy. Its all my fault, because i'm a fucking idiot.

I always feel like everything is my fault & I want to change that somehow

Everything is my fault/nobody wants me
I've struggled with feelings of self insecurity all of my life but it especially peaked in highschool. I was always the goofy/ nerdy music guy in highscool but was never the most socially smart. I have plenty of friends but the level of friendship I have with them feels really low, like im pulling it all along. I had a few different friendgroups and always some event happened where I'd end up being "kicked out". Most of it stemmed from me being an easyish target to pick on since I would do a lot for my friends. The first falling out I had with a group was in the beginning of senior year and that one i take partial credit for for dumb teenage boy "beef" between me and this other kid which showed the bad in both of us. The second I defiantly didn't start. I was in a friend group, a predominantly female friend group. Long story short lifetime guy friend catches feelings for a girl, forces himself into the friend group, becomes sour with me for whatever reason, and overall made our relationship into a heavily toxic and manipulative friendship. One day I told him off and just said that I couldn't handle being his friend anymore. I thought my "friends" would have my back but they all decided to kick me out of the hangouts and blame me saying lies fed to them by my ex-friend. even when I tried to reason they did not want to hear. They all still want to make me think theyre friends with me which is the worst part of it all and act like nothing ever happened.

So now I'm in college and these events still hurt a lot. I've made a lot of friends so far but I still feel as if these people don't want me. A few people from HS are going to the same uni as me and for the most part it's fine except one of my friends who has always been kind of a dick to me is doing just that. It's hard to move on when I have a constant nagging reminder that I'm not wanted. I've made plenty of cool friend but I still feel like im that kid everybody is happy to see in class but wont bother to text. I just wish for once somebody would send me "lunch?" "study for calc?' "ping pong?" instead of having it be me. ive gone probably over a month without receiving a message like that. I know that people aren't always thinking about texting their friends or organizing hangouts but I still hate the feeling like I have nobody who cares for me

tl;dr past emotional damages with friends have conditioned me to think that I am worthless and that all of my friends don't actually care for me.

