The world is not a safe place for me


I’m unprotected


I am afraid


I am vulnerable


I am helpless


Supporting beliefs and predictions


Nobody will protect me


I feel unsafe
I dont feel safe


Linked Issues


Safety; Security; Peace; harmony; vulnerability; protection


From Twitter with ‘the world is not safe’:


Today we must examine the minds of future Generations, our world is not safe with these shepherds!


What the hell. Didn't he already give trump Syria on Putin's birthday?  Wow. Talk about unsafe. The world is not safe under trumpin


The world is not safe / can be a frightening environment when social media isn't used for what it is.


the world is not safe anymore huhu


The world is hard enough.


the world is unsafe for women. it breaks my heart to see (and hear) how much they suffer.


People are so annoying with how “unsafe” the world is now. Earth has always been a chaotic, murderous and sex driven place.


The world is so unsafe; you can be sitting in your own apartment eating ice cream while watching TV and still get killed


I’m not quite sure why President Trump believed this would be a good idea, but it is clearly making the world more unsafe. Thoughts?


The world all over is becoming increasingly unsafe. Man is making his habitat unsafe & devouring the vulnerable daily. Terrorists are on the loose in Middle east & Africa. Some demonic beings in America & Europe shooting innocent people. Natural disaster having a feast. God help


feeling unsafe in the house that ive grown up in is absolutely the worst feeling in the world.


Feeling unsafe in your own home is the worst feeling in the world


There are still many places in the world where it’s unsafe to travel too. I don’t care how smart people think they are, you can’t account for everything. The type of society we have in the West is not universal. You can easily get whacked going places you shouldn’t be going.


It kinda feels like the world is imploding and here I am just trying to not be living in a space that makes me feel unsafe…


I wouldn’t go. Not only due to the cost of the ticket benefiting blizzard, but it may be unsafe with the way the world is.


From Twitter with ‘i dont feel safe’:


Im in pickering, lock the doors i dont feel safe


I dont feel safe anywhere anymore.


I hate it when i dont feel safe and secure here in London; demonstrations, creepy homeless and pickpockets literally everywhere. Missing home a little too much


no means no whats so hard to understand i literally hate you & i dont feel safe bc of you leave me alone


okay well i dont feel safe in my own house anymore


I just woke up from a nightmare.... where I thought I was gonna legitimately die multiple times so guess what its ice cream time baybe I dont feel safe


i dont feel safe in school anymore..


I literally cant open up to anyone anymore. And not even to my bffs. Feels like i dont feel safe enough to say what i think.


I was walking out of subway and a democrate beat me up and made me eat an army strong baby. I dont feel safe anymore and this will become routine without glorious trump.


if i dont lock my bedroom door at night i dont feel safe
From Twitter with ‘word is evil’:


They shot this young man IN HIS MOUTH?!
This world is so evil. My God.


I feel so small in this world😭 there is so much evil man, it makes me sick


sometimes I feel like I'm just blindly believing everything I read about china on the internet, I have no way of verifying any of these claims, but if even 10% of it is true they've gotta be pound-for-pound the most evil country in the world


The world is so evil. Makes me feel like I truly don’t belong. My heart is too pure


Me personally it’s TO MANY CRAZY PEOPLE IN THIS WORLD. Until I feel like it’s OKAY and safe my child we not be round NO bitch that my bd messes with. This shit is REAL like there’s really evil people in this world. That lady is a MOTHER y’all will never know how that shit feel


I can’t help but the feel that the world is evil


I just feel world getting a darker place. Every now and then I get nosy and start researching something and sometimes it takes me down a dark path, there is real evil controlling humanity. I know I shouldnt look as it just feeds negativity and markks podcasts takes it away again


Little child
Dry your crying eyes
How can I explain
The fear you feel inside
´cause you were born
Into this evil world
Where man is killing man
and no one knows just why


Hell is empty, the devil is in the world, the evil of human nature is constantly refreshing the bottom line, the older I grow up, the more I feel that some people's conscience was eaten by dogs, it is true.


When i was younger my mom used to tell me that when i was sad it was because the evil people in the world were mad at my happiness. And that i should just keep living because in the end they dont matter.


is the not that has to suffer from this... it hurts me knowing there’s people in the world that are so cruel, evil and disgusting ... why? That’s all we question now.. why them? Why her? Why him?
i feel like judgement day is just around the corner man.. there’s alot of evil in this world i can’t even comprehend 


The world is an awful place. 
It really feels like there's a battle between good and evil and that good is losing. 
I'm not even talking about the politics of right now.
It feels like for every good news story there's 2 horrifying stories.
It just feels like bad times right now.


....Animal farming is the most destructive force the planet has ever known. 


The animal holocaust is the longest living holocaust in the history of the world.


I truely feel every single day like I’m walking around in Nazi Germany & no one realized how evil everyone is.


Yes it is my choice to feel this way, and my freedom. But why am I the source of darkness? More evil, more murder, more destruction and more rape and underage sexual assault has been done in the name of god or hiding behind god than anything else in the world, look in a mirror.


This is a cruel world with some evil systems man. Cruel fucking world. I knew something just felt weird about us celebrating her going to prison. They never get the time deserved. This bothers me so much man. How do you not feel something about this decision. We shouldn’t be numb


I wish that news is true. It means we are finally able to compete with the most powerful country of the world. And we are no longer a blindly tolerant one.
Now you can experience what Chinese feel when your government subsidize these armed rebels and evil cults against China.


Reddit:
Phew... I hope you're ready for me pouring my feelings all over the place. Here I go.
I'm a 26M and I'm gay. I've always been and I've always knew. Well, at least by the time all my male friend started looking girls in a different way and I realized I was looking at them in that same way (fuck me, right?).
To this day I kept these feelings for myself and the closet wasn't a bad place. It was silent and lonely, but got used to it. I have an awesome family and amazing friends, and I know the day I come out they will support me. So I always told myself "when I find someone, that's the day I will come out".
Turns out the closet isn't that warm and cozy anymore. It feels like the walls are coming closer and I'm suffocating in the process. Nothing has changed in my life to be honest, but it seems that I did. I realized that having someone is great, but I dont need someone to be honest with myself. I dont need to stay in the closet anymore.
I'm tired of faking and I'm tired of lying. It's exhausting and I feel like I'm disrespecting myself just to keep things comfortable. Fuck, I just can't stand this anymore.
But the moment I realized "I'm fucking ready, gay world here I come", I was terrified. Not that I'm backing down, I will definitely do this and it's about time, but I know the moment I speak the truth, things will change for good. I know things need to change and I want this, I'm not planning staying at the closet forever. I want freedom and no more lies. But I can't help feeling a bit nervous and that this is a huge thing, at least for me.
I'll probably tell my sister first, she's the closest person to me and the one I trust the most. Than I will tell my parents and later my friends.


Reddit:
I was sitting on the train platform in jeans, a tank top with a long sleeve cardigan. I'm going to my sister-in-law's birthday.
A guy I dont know starts talking to me. It's a mostly friendly and respectful conversation but then hes saying stuff about how fine I am, how the girls in this area are "nice and thick". I can feel his eyes traveling up and down my body.
He asks if I'm married. Yes, three years. What I do, where I work (I make some stuff up), what my name is (also made up). I text my husband off my watch to call me asap. He does. I say excuse me I have to get this. I walk away.
I'm on the train, the guy is nowhere to be seen, I feel sick. I'm practically crying. Why is this okay in our world? And this feels fairly mundane to the horrors women face every day.
I wish I was stronger. I wish I could have told him I didn't appreciate the comments. I'm so glad my husband called. I'm so scared what would have happened if he hadn't.


Reddit:
I googled myself for the heck of it....and my info all popped up and said people rated me giving me so many stars outta 5.
I'm shaking right now...i feel like people are after me...they are finding out where I live and work and all that. Please I'm scared.


Reddit:
I have psychosis and schizoid personality and lots of anxiety issues, I always think people are against me and that and thats how all my paranoid thoughts develop. I self harm quite a bit and feel very much like killing myself with a knife, I've been in psych ward for a month years ago.


Reddit:
So I've been having these dreams where the basic concept is that a person or people are trying to kill me, and I manage to sprint away to safety. The dreams vary in setting and the people who try to kill me. However, the last few dreams I have had like this I am in my home and I run away to my neighbor's homes for safety. My last dream of this type, I was home alone and saw a guy in a metallic blue suit reenacting some sort of drama or play across from my neighbor's backyard with other people. I raised the window blinds to try and film it, but they soon noticed me and I went upstairs to my room. Now, there's a gap in my memory. I remember grabbing a knife (for what reason, i'm not sure) and going upstairs. Then seeing a young girl, age 12-13, climbing from the ledge above her garage to mine. There were two backpacks on my ledge, one light blue that was on the edge and one dark purple that was on the driveway asphalt. As soon as I saw the girl, I ran away downstairs. Then, I felt as if I needed to see the girl and reconnect with her and went back upstairs. The girl smiled at me with the blue backpack on her shoulders and I smiled back, feeling as if she was a long lost friend. When she went to open my window, her eyes went white, which made me grip the knife in my hand. As soon as she opened the window, I grinned and showed her the knife, and she grinned and showed me a knife in her hand that looked exactly like mine. She jumped from the window and tried to stab me, but I ended up stabbing her at her side and then going downstairs, grabbing a phone, and dialing the number so I could call my mother. However, I saw her father (or another man?) climbing to my home the same way she got inside so I opened my front door ready for an escape, desperately trying to dial my moms phone. As soon as I heard him, I bolted across the street to my neighbors home, found a way inside, and hid between two recliners. I dialed my moms phone successfully. That is where the dream ended and I woke up. Sorry for the long post, thanks for reading!


I am paranoid that people are after me. What do?


Reddit:
I need help. I feel unsafe, and threatened to leave because I can't take it anymore. Now I don't know where to go, and I want to, because freedom is close


I can't stay here anymore. I live alone with my NDad, and things have gotten worse and worse. Today, he broke into my room (the door was locked), complained that my room was filthy (it isn't) and then said that if I don't clean he'd take all the money from my bank account (he didn't and couldn't)


So I told him, when I leave, he'd never hear from me again. Well he went on a guilt trip rant about how I'll never make it and he's glad I'm leaving. He was acting like everything he did as a parent was supposed to be repaid. But no. I'm actually leaving. I can't take this anymore, my mental health is being destroyed.


Now I have a problem. I don't want to impose on any friends because they're all very busy, but I don't think I have another choice. I can't stay, that's all I know. I seriously need help now.


Reddit: 
Scared to leave the house
Hey all. I’m 7 months on HRT, AMAB, still have beard shadow on my upper lip. I don’t pass as anything imo, I look like a queer guy I guess, especially since I wear women’s jeans and usually baggy tops to hide my new boobs (omfg it’s so hot out tho).


It’s messing with me hard; I’m scared to even leave the house. I’m scared of being seen by someone I knew pre-transition, especially who don’t know I am. I’m scared of being judged. But I’m more scared of random violence; I had a knife pulled on me randomly a few years ago, and my city is sketchy in general, especially to LGBT people.


Tonight I’m debating whether I should go to a meetup from a local queer group. I’ve never gone to one but they seem like cool people. But it’s in the busy part of my city, at a regular always-packed cishet bar (no lgbt bars here). I’m scared af to 1. go there, 2. walk through the bar to our table, 3. be there, 4. walk down there so I can have a drink, 5. get back home when it’s late and dark out


I probably won’t go, but at the same time I feel like I should be free to go out and do what I want without fear. But I can’t and it sucks. I’m in therapy for it, which is another place I’m already planning on how to walk to for my appointment tomorrow.


I’m not really sure what I’m asking. I should ask, “how do you get over it?” But I feel like my personal safety is at risk. But then I see queer people walking around and it’s like, hey, why do they get to be like that and I don’t?


I feel myself getting more and more socially awkward the longer I stay in the house and don’t interact with people.