No man or woman could love me if he or she really knew me.


I am inherently flawed and defective. I am unworthy of love.


It was my fault that my parents could not love me


I hide the real me. The real me is unacceptable. The self I show is a false self.


I live with a great deal of shame about myself


One of my greatest fears is that my faults will be exposed.


Love and relationships is pain


I am not lovable


I am unacceptable


I am always left out


I don’t matter


I am not special


I am not wanted


I don’t matter


I am alone


I am unwelcome


I don’t fit in anywhere


I am unsuitable


I am uninteresting


I am unimportant


I am plain and dull


Supporting beliefs and predictions


Nobody loves me


Nobody wants me


Linked Issues


Caring; Sharing; Unconditional loving; Balancing my giving and  receiving;




From Twitter with ‘Nobody wants me’:
God, I'm so lonely. Nobody wants to talk to me. 


Nobody wants to talk to me.


So I’m guessing nobody wants to pop out with me.


And still nobody wants me
Still nobody wants me


I never want nobody to feel obligated when it comes to me. If it ain’t out of genuineness keep it.


i really think i'm ugly and nobody wants to love me


Nobody wants me. 
Nobody needs me. 
I’m just a waste of space.


I feel like nobody wants me around because I’m always sad


Sometimes i just wanna pick up & disappear to a new state where nobody knows me, thats how bad i want peace in my life.


I'm so fucking sick of everything. Like nothing seems to go right for me, and it fucking shows. People are lying to me constantly. Nobody wants me around. This is truly it.


I don’t dont have any friends






From Twitter with ‘Nobody loves me’:
nobody needs me


nobody missed me


nobody loves me


everyone hates me


Nobody loves me 
Well, you can’t force things 
My energy done for some people


I don't know why I should be so hideously gloomy, but I have that miserable "nobody-loves-me" feeling.


I need reassurance because my anxiety pretty much tells me 24/7 that nobody loves me & nobody cares. Even when I know it’s not true it’s still a fight to keep from believing it.


Sometimes I feel like nobody loves me. Sometimes I feel like I don't like anyone.


I’m convinced nobody loves me like they say they do bc I never had a surprise party...maybe I don’t really have any true friends :/ nobody listens to me


I'm just a poor boy
nobody loves me


Nobody loves me.
Nobody miss me.
Nobody needs me.


Nobody loves me because im ugly.


It's the weekend...I've got no girl to take out...nobody loves me...nobody cares...even when I say I'll marry them...might as well give up…


I drink because nobody loves me, I cry cause nobody loves me


Everybody loves somebody, but nobody loves me.


I don't know what else to do with my life nobody loves me I fucking hate myself and I'm wondering everyday what the fuck I live for so please just do your job and shut the fuck up


nobody loves me why the fuck not


nobody loves me but its okay bc im suicidal anyway


I'm a failure. Nobody loves me.


Goodnight, a terrible day even worse than the previous ones, nobody loves me as usual though.


nobody loves me, nobody appreciates me, nobody even asks about me


Just found out nobody loves me


Love is a lie. If you tell someone you love them that’s permanent.  Y’all like the idea of me you don’t love me.  Nobody loves me


Nobody misses me.
Nobody needs me.
Nobody fights for me.
Nobody cares for me.
Nobody loves me.


I'm a nobody.




From Twitter with ‘Nobody likes me’:


i feel like nobody likes me


I don’t have any followers yet. 😭 it’s almost like nobody likes me. Is that what it feels like to have nobody like you


Nobody likes me. That makes me sad.


lying in bed, thinking about life, i find myself crying my heart out suddenly, i'm convinced that nobody likes me, or nobody will ever like me. i feel horrible and i question everything i had and i dont know if i was ever happy at all.


i know nobody likes me


a lot of people think bad about me because of either what i used to do/be friends with, or just what people have said — and now next to nobody likes me & tbh it sucks a lot.


My brain: Nobody likes you & you have no friends.


currently feeling like nobody likes me


I guess i dont have any friends because nobody likes me


Nobody likes me, I'm gonna die single


genuinely feel like nobody likes me


i’ve come to the conclusion that nobody likes me


For some reason I keep sayin
“Nobody likes me, Everybody HATES ME”


Lately I been in a nobody likes me and I’m such a burden and they just stand me Becuase they feel bad for me type of mood


That’s why nobody likes me. I’m just a nuisance.


i feel like nobody likes me


Maybe I don’t have a bf/gf/partner cause I never leave my house but it could be the fact that I suck and nobody likes me
nobody likes me and thats a fact


Like I have a gut feeling that nobody likes me at work ☹️ I was so uncomfortable today there


I wonder why nobody likes me?


I feel like nobody likes me, or wants to interact with me on here anymore.


I‘m really thinking about killing myself quite often in the last time.I just feel like I have nothing to live for like nobody likes me,I‘m getting bullied,... I‘m just so tired of this shitty world and 


I’ve a lot of time beating myself up, telling myself I’m inadequate and that nobody likes me and that I don’t deserve happiness.


woke up earlier and was immediately hit with overwhelming negativity and sadness - nobody likes me, im going to fail my interview tomorrow


Every fucking day I have to fight with my mind because it tells me that secretly nobody likes me and I know it’s not true but fucking hell it makes me feel lonely and hurt still


I wanna go on a date 😩 but nobody likes me!!


Nobody worth a shit ever likes me.


nobody likes me and I lost my friends!


ok so basically i’m a failure and nobody likes me and i suck periodt


I'm pretty sure nobody likes me any more.


From Twitter with ‘People hate me’:


Omg no!!! The people from my high school HATE ME! I’m such a bitch!!!  what will I ever do with my life knowing that everyone of you closed mined fucks hate me ): so sad


People hate me on here


there's prolly a lot of people that hate me and I don't know


they call me math cuz I'm hard as fuck and most people hate me


i know i got haters and people who hate me n all but if you hate me hate me alone yeen gotta go around recruiting more people to hate on me i already got to many of you bitch niggas
most of the time people hate me for no reason y’all don’t even know me 


I really wonder what people think of me like do you ever want to go into someone’s mind and see yourself how they see you but omg what if they hate me omg am I just freaking out yes the hell im freaking out about stupid shit!! Because I’m me.


suddenly paranoid that all the people who i think care about me actually hate me and talk bad about me


There is a lot people from the internet who hate me


I’m so sick and tired of feeling like people hate me even though I didn’t do anything to them


my mental illnesses make me feel like people either hate me or don’t care about me and I hate it


what did i do for people to hate me


Tired of pleasing people, hate me


The people in this school must hate me


From http://rosspsychology.com/blog/cognitive-therapy-101-core-beliefs
I’m not lovable
I’m unacceptable
I’m always left out
I don’t matter
I’m not wanted
I’m alone
I’m unwelcome
I don’t fit in anywhere
I’m uninteresting
Nobody loves me
Nobody wants me
I’m unlikeable
I’m bound to be rejected


Reddit: