I am unsure about myself


I am a mistake




I don’t know


I always get it wrong


I am always wrong


I am confused


I can’t understand


I’m not understood


I can’t be sure


I am in the wrong place


I am a mistake


I am unaware


I am uncertain


I can’t make myself clear


I am mistaken


I am not trustworthy


Supporting beliefs and predictions


It isn’t fair


I won’t get justice


I can’t trust people


People don’t trust me


Linked Issues


Truth; Right-wrong; Justice; Fairness; Openness and honesty; Trust and Trustworthiness; Integrity; Understanding
Twitter:


I really been getting irritated when I feel misunderstood


When everything around me falls to shit, there is Joe. When I feel isolated, misunderstood and completely alone, he has always reassured me that I am neither too much or not enough. No questions asked he’s just consistent and unwavering 


i feel so different and misunderstood sometimes. like, how i present myself isn’t the same as how i feel inside. and i’m just floating through life, aloof, seemingly above it all, when in reality i desperately want to be in the inside with everyone else.


I feel like my whole life been misunderstood


Mental illness can make me feel really isolated and misunderstood.


hi twitter I’m very private lately and unsure of many things in life but I do know that I am very content and happy at the moment and I need a place to keep track of the good days I’ve had with someone


this has been me the last week. i am unsure what a feeling is anymore


Sad
Unloved
Stressed
Not good enough
Broken
Tired
Depressed
Anxious
Nervous
Searching for something
Unsure
Doubting
Waiting indefinitely


I’ve never felt this lost and unsure about my life. I don’t know what I’m doing anymore honestly. I might be taking a break from nsfw twitter I’m honestly not sure. I just really need to figure myself out because I am not happy.


I am not 100% sure about doing it myself. But I am contacting my friends for help


I don’t feel particularly angry. Confused about some stuff, but not   consciously angry. I am certainly willing to keep trying to look at myself and behavior honestly, but I really am dealing with some pretty challenging health stuff, and I am not sure where a lot of stuff is


I cant be sure about anything in my life right now, because I am not sure about myself either 


Reddit:
I feel unsure and like I'm making things up
I have just now began to entertain the idea of possibly having psychosis/ schizophrenia. But I feel like since I have a lot of insight and my hallucinations and few and far between, that I'm making it all up?


Like, maybe I just want attention or to have a "real" diagnosis (I currently am in the hospital for depression, and have been since March. Which feels like a "not-real" diagnosis because it's not able to be seen.)


A couple of years ago I believed there were shadow people following me, and I didn't leave my house until I was forced to by my mom, and came back home when she recognized I was having a breakdown. I didn't tell anyone about the shadow people, and ripped up and destroyed the drawings and writing I made about all that. Because I think I made it up for attention or something? Maybe to make myself feel better or special? I also can't remember this time very well.


And sometimes I hear voices, like people talking in a diner, or someone calling my name. Usually when it's quiet. I feel like my brain is just trying to fill the silence though. And I recognize that it's not real. And it doesn't happen super often.


I also have periods of time that I believe I'm in hell/purgatory. Or that I'm the only real person, or this is all a simulation or something. But most of the time I only kind of entertain the idea, I rarely- if ever- believe it fully. Just kind of.


Writing all this down, I honest to god think I'm doing this for attention or to have a real diagnosis. Maybe none of this is real. Maybe I'm doing this because my family might take me seriously now? I don't know.


I will tell my doctor, and I brought up a very little portion of this to my therapist, but I want to know what you guys think? And please, please consider that I'm lying or something. Or making it up. Not maliciously, but I really can't believe that this is real. I don't fucking know.


What do you think?


Thank you for reading.


TL;DR: unsure if I'm making up everything, and if I'm even hallucinating or not. Any ideas/suggestions/feedback?


I feel unsure
Other
I don’t feel good that’s for sure, but I don’t feel like bad bad, I’m just in this numb state where I don’t know what to do and everything is pointless. All I want is hugs and attention but I won’t get that for a while, I feel mildly alone, but I’m gonna try and sleep, gn


I feel.. Unsure of myself
So about two months ago I started my whiskey journey. Don't judge me, but the first bottle was old overholt as recommended by liquor store... I know, I know. I quickly atoned for this and have been buying up rye and bourbon like crazy and trying everything I can get my hands on.


Now my uncertainty is that I am growing interested in Irish whiskey too. It seems like so many people have one type they stick with, be it scotch or bourbon or whatever. Am I heretic for enjoying all the different kinds of whiskey out there? Help me brothers... I need reassurance, for I don't not want to forsake my nurturing bourbons.


Suggestions for what to do? I feel unsure of who I am, how to respond to people, how to act and how to feel. Summed up I feel lost.


I feel confused about my feelings
I got to know a girl in my class a while ago and we're kinda friends now. However, I keep thinking that she's so cute - I adore the way she smiles and how she's demure. I have a lot of fun talking to her also. The twist is that I'm a girl too, and I've never felt this way about another girl before. It feels weird and I'm a little lost.


I feel confused and lost.....help
I have been feeling very melancholic this year. I also feel very anxious about my thoughts all the time. Whenever I start talking I feel like I'm not connected to what I'm saying, and like I'm not here in my body. I feel tired all the time and get irritated very easily too.


I really don't know what's wrong with me and I'm wondering if anyone here has insight about what I'm going through.


Confused and sad
I am a woman in my 30s and I have a person that I care about who is a male around the same age. He recently told me that he was suffering with a deep depression. I have texted him to check on him twice, one time telling him I missed him, and his responses weren’t rude necessarily but read short and cold. He was nothing but nice the one time I ran into him. Am I doing something wrong? I know he cares about me too.


I’m confused
When I’m around girls I feel like an alien. I’ve shot down anyone that likes me because I was afraid of what other people think. I stopped hanging out with people and I still feel awkward idk this is really stupid but I’m just really confused if I even like girls idk


Emotions are so confusing
My emotions are really like a roller coaster...I am usually so down and out, feeling hopeless and worthless... But a few hours ago I finally became happy, which is so rare. Maybe I thought I was happy. Well I just took a random nose dive into another deep depression. I want this to stop. I think of suicide all too often. I know most of this is from not being successful and being held back from success because of my parents... the abuse I went through growing up. BUT IM 28 now... I know I can’t keep using this as an excuse.... but I can’t help it. I’m such a failure. I did this. Right? I’m so ashamed of myself. I’m so scared because I’m not social, I don’t know how to talk to men. I force myself to tell people I don’t want kids, but deep down I’d love to be a mom. But because of my abuse I’m so scared and scarred. I know I’ll die alone whether of age or pulling a trigger. I wish my life could be redone. I’m so tired


Why would I do this to myself
I decided to take up piano and apply to college when I was feeling really good about myself, and feeling I could do anything. Of course I did this while being off my meds, and knowing from experience the feeling wouldn't last, now four days later, and I just want to give up on life as a whole, because college is confusing, and playing piano with my left hand is hard. Im such a fucking loser. I make the worst decisions.


I feel lost
I’ve been out of a relationship that almost lasted 5 years. She broke up with me abruptly and I didn’t see it coming. Knowing her and her usual mental indecisiveness I decided to support her through the break and the break up assuming that it would blow over if I gave her space and time... it didn’t. After 3 months I’m still here madly in love with her still thinking she would be the love of my life, but I just found out she’s been going out on some dates. All that time down the drain, and I feel empty. I’ve felt lost and confused before this, but now I’m just completely empty and my mind won’t listen to me, continually wandering into thoughts that would only drive me into a deeper state. I know I should just be strong and say fuck it I need to move on, but my brain won’t stop pushing back into a space of self pity, resentment, sadness, and sometimes even the thought of suicide has felt like a relief once in a while. Thank you for letting me express myself.


My parents just told me that my depression is my own fault
Hello again I am back Crying in my bathroom I was talking to my family and I told them I don’t want a birthday because it would just be another thing to use against me. They tend to say things like “we got you this and you’re still disrespectful.” So i told them id rather not have anything My dad then told me hes gonna pray that I get the job that I applied for so I can learn some work ethic (ive had two jobs in the past btw) They want me to do work around the house and I told them a positive work environment that makes you not want to die makes a difference in how you perform. My mom then told me that I over exaggerate because they dont do anything to hurt me. I told them that they say some very hurtful things very often and her response was that if I listened to her then she wouldn’t have to go there. She wants me to earn her kindness, or not even, she wants me to earn her acting like a decent human towards someone. Pick a broom and then you get to stop crying Work and then you get to feel better about yourself My sister just knocked the door of the bathroom saying i was being disrespectful and i didnt do the work i should have Mind you i had eaten two samosas all day because my mom hadn’t cooked anything for us and I was feeling dizzy. Also I felt nauseous because theres maggots in her fucking pantry because she buys too many potatoes and then they go bad. I did what I could before i went to the bathroom to throw up but the only thing that came out was saliva cuz i havent eaten Still havent Its almost 10 pm I dont want to go back outside And i dont want to use anything provided by them because they say that I take advantage of them. They think I never do anything for anyone Meanwhile for people that dont make me want to die I help with their homework and almost did the dishes for one of them. Its just Not fair They really said that to me Listen to us and then you get treated nicely Isnt it supposed to be a more cause and effect thing Like i dont feel like shit living here therefore i help out Not Feel like shit but am forced to do things because i would like to earn some kindness Idk Im rambling I just Want to leave But i cant


I don't know
I'm not sure if this really belongs here but I don't know if i'm depressed or not. lately i just feel really empty. I've thought about death and suicide a lot. not saying that i'm suicidal, just the thought of not existing anymore sounds really good. I dont know what my life is anymore.