I am not whole


I have no integrity


I have no hope


I feel hopeless


I have lost my spirit


Nothing good ever happens to me


I am a bad person


I am sinful


I am evil


I can’t grow


Supporting beliefs and predictions


There is nothing to hope for


I must not get my hopes up


Linked Issues


Integrity; Balance Wholeness; Spirit; Self-actualisation; Spirit and spirituality; Personal Growth


Twitter:


Hiding the tears, showing all smiles. Deep down I feel useless and hopeless. We continue the fight cause it doesn't end with one man falling down.


i just wanted to say hi.
if you feel unseen
or hopeless.
if you want to give up.
if you would rather not be here...


i’m struggling, too.
i feel pain, also.


you are not alone.
not ever.
hold our your hand.
someone will take it
& never let you go.


there is hope.
so..hi.


I'm tired. I feel hopeless. I feel that something needs to be done, and I'm still trying to figure out collectively how we do that.


I feel lonely and isolated, i don’t feel content with myself. I feel asif something is missing. I feel empty inside, hopeless & sometimes lost, I feel like I’ve got no actual purpose.  I’m just sort of existing.


I’m not okay...I just feel down and hopeless...prayin to god everyday hoping my prayers get answered


It’s really easy to feel like we are alone when we are suffering. But I promise there is someone out there feeling as hopeless as you do. We aren’t in this alone, despite what our suffering tells us


Sometimes I hate being a hopeless romantic because I just create scenarios in my head that will most likely never happen and make myself feel lonely.


I have doubts.


I am sinful.


I say things that are false.


I’m ingnorant about a lot of things.


I fear what people think of me.


I’m not perfect. 


But I believe Jesus is, and that he died for my sins, and through faith in Him I am sealed for all eternity.


Fammm, almost every vid I am saying God loves you, come as you are. It’s a journey. Your not too sinful. I’m a sinner too, I’m a fornicator. But now I’m judging people


I have no hope and no faith and I hate that about myself so much. those things should come easily but to me they're out of reach.


I think I've lost my spirit and also my soul.. 
I have no control.


are you guys always feeling unweel in your 19yo? i feel like i'm useless, i don't have a power, i lost my passion, i lost my spirit, i'm tired of being life, i'm tired of all of things


too make said key i'm afraid i don't know, i locked it myself and that's all i know, the shell i hate but it's all i have, i just protect but i don't know how, someone find me, find my soul and my spirit, i lost it with the shell that's not my own


fuck, basically i'll just say shit that i think is bad about you.


i'll likely hurt your feelings because i am a "very agressive" person


"Maybe not. I am a bad person trying very hard to be a good person, but I would not be trying at all if not for the outside interventions in my life."


Why do I feel like I'm a bad person


Reddit:


ugh
i feel like a stupid poser,,,, sure my parents always fight and frequently hurt me,,, sure i have gross eating disorders, i eat to much advil and throw up or get stomach aches constantly,,, but that’s about it other than constant dyspepsia so like,,,, my life really is t the worst and it’s barely bad at all,,, but why am i so sad and selfish and why do i want to die still??? i don’t as much as i used to,,, i have the love of my life and all,,, but i have no rights to be this sad


I thought i'd be out of this, but just nothing would go right.
i used to love working and communicating with colleagues. i used to be the one thrive when working in a great team, delivering interesting ideas and having the ability to plan, execute, get recognized and deliver great results.


what am i now?


Left my previous 3-yr job 2-years ago (the whole company feels like falling apart). had no luck for over 6 months trying to find a suitable job, wrongfully turned down an opportunity (i thought wouldn't fit me, but pays well) and joined another shithole that i felt very uncomfortable in, quit after a few months.


i was then recruited (maternity leave cover) into the local office of tech-giant. it felt like sth good was finally about to happen, and that i'd have a chance to do interesting things, to try blend in, and to perform, to work hard and do my best.
but no. the ppl here treated contingent workers like disposable garbage. the FTE team member called on me all the time to do very trivial work -- no prob, i'm always happy to help -- and always picking on the slightest thing (like 'the chair was not aligned at exact angle, and that the stapler is not firm enough), and they literally rejected me joining their lunch with annoyed look.


i've tried to encourage myself with all those movie quotes, telling myself to put my heart at work, to put in effort for the slightest things and try to find joy or a sense of fulfillment. but nothing works. nothing i did was appreciated and they can find faults in everything i did. i'd fully take it if i've been trained well, knowing their system, knowing their terms or how they file things -- but no, i understand they're super busy, flying to HK / China all the time to secure sales deals and stuff, but they didn't event tell me who i could go to learn the office basic routines. i was left alone for 1 month without being able to find any help. when i reached out to other teams to ask them for some assistance / help / guidance, they said 'what's the point? you'll be gone in a couple of months, and we'd have to take time to run you through the system and run you out again'.


i've then become paranoid. feeling that i'm absolutely unwelcome in this company, and that they just want to sent me off. but truth is, no one really voice 'you don't belong here', it's just in the atmosphere, so i cannot justify myself feeling isolated, feeling so alone, feeling so unsupported.


i used to be such a good project manager, coordinating tasks and getting along with my teammates, earning great business development deals over so many countries. and all i wanted was to get into that / this interesting big tech company to try doing interesting projects -- but when i seem to get a bit closer to that goal, everything went wrong. (or was it just my illusion. me being a contingent worker is no where near that goal?) and ppl are telling me that i should get used to this. contingent workers not being valued is a normal thing, that i'm asking too much.


it just made me feel unworthy. i have depression attack nearly every half a year, but it hadn't come back to me since i got my last job, where i was happy until the end. but now i need to talk myself into not jumping out of the office window (literally, it's on 35f) every morning when i sat down in front of my desk.


all these voices of criticism (coming from myself as well as friends and ppl around) telling me: you're just not good enough, or else you'd have thrived; you've made the wrong assumption that you'd be good, that you'd be worthy of this job; you are (contingent worker status ) supposed to be treated like shit, why would you think you deserve more?; you're not trying hard enough; you didn't put your heart in; you should not have been ranting, but you should be working more, you should be reading the materials more, you should try to find the right way to adapt.


i can't tell where i've gone wrong. i can't tell which is the right feeling, which way to go...
if i go back to job-searching, i'd be having panic attack (happened before during job hunting, and i had to start on new meds and all); if i stay on finishing this job term, i'll continue to feel so unhappy and depressed every moment; if i quit, it'd be like i gave up on myself, and i'd be breaking my goal (admitting that i'm not good enough)...


ppl tell me that "this company is so cool! you're so lucky to get this job!" -- and i don't know why i'm not enjoying my time, i don't know how to enjoy. recruiter (and myself) said / thought that if i perform well, if i work hard, i'd earn my way here. but my colleagues are not treating me like their equal / teammember. when they want to ditch me, i'm an outsider, when they need help, i suddenly had to shoulder up all the responsibility. wow that's very convenient. -- am i really ungrateful, like ppl said i'm already very lucky getting this job? am i really just not good enough?


like, nothing would be the right way. i don't know...i'm just too depressed and too disappointed about everything. what's the point of everything anyway...


I Have No Hope
Time to be a downer because I need somebody to express this to... Alright so yesterday I learned that most of my friends believe that one day, I am going to break and kill myself. So even if some of my best friends don't see me making it out why should even try. I can't keep my job because of my anxiety, nothing at all gives me happiness anymore, and even if I live off disability, that is no life I want to live. My life is not worth living for those small shimmers of happiness, only to have them immediately overrun by a swathe of depression and anxiety. It's inevitable, I will die, and I shall be the reason...


I'm tired of just surviving
Every day I get up feeling tired all the time. I force myself to get through the day. To survive another day. And lately I'm starting to wonder just what the heck I'm even surviving for. What is the point of just surviving another day if all that comes is another day to survive?


I have no hope for the future. I work a crappy job with crappy wages. I have no hope in finding someone to share my life with. I hate how the world seems to be spiraling into a much worse state. Everything I used to enjoy like movies and games are getting worse, not better.


So why am I struggling so hard to survive when I don't see a brighter future ahead of me? Why struggle if there is nothing but struggle?


I am a drepressed piece of shit and i write
Sitting in my bed and writing an article anyway noone is going to read is probably the most stupid thing i have ever made, but anyway maybe it stops my suicidal thoughts for some minutes so i will just continue.


And no, there is no need to worry about a incoming suicide, i would never, its just thoughts that are forced in my brain. Its hard to explain but mostly its just like a voice witch comes every X minutes wich tells me: ich bring mich um .. .what means: i am going to kill myself ...


sound weired right? i think as well, but the thought will just appear so its in a way uncontrollable. Most of the time its the only thought i have anyway... i feel like i should feel sad but i am not, i just feel confused, i am cold, i am emotionless and silent. Havent seen any of my friends since months. Am just home waiting till time goes over, watching any shitty youtube videos and reading blogs and hearing podcasts ... day in and out .. i could have a nice job and really should work but i just cannot motivate myself to get up and apply for one, or find the energy to just look up for job announcements.


live is just weird .. its 10th of the month and i got 3 euro left and it really should care me but it doesnt. got 20 cans left where i get like 4 euro back ... so i can survive at least 3 more days. am 30 years old. you dont belive ? its true.. havent head 1 month in my life at the end of the month cash, have earned a lot but i just cannot handle money.. i just dont care and think about it. dont even have a bank account, when i am broke i am broke .. maybe mom sends me 50 euro and my carousell will go for another 8 days on. probably she will send .. she always does.


the most crazy thing of my depression is, that i actually know that i am a loser and i am a depressed piece of shit but my brain is so jailed that i cannot get up for help. havent talked to anyone about it and probably should have already 4 years ago. okay thats not true, i already talked once to my mom, we cried together but at the end nothing changed. she just sends me money when i need. cool of her in a way anyway. but yeah ... i have 3 affairs with 3 diffrent women around europe wich are really nice to me, and they visit me 2,3 times a year here in my city.


i really dont know what love is, or how love feels and them i tell. still they care about me and text me now and then and i feel cared by them but i just cannot open my mouth and ask them for help. i am just to weak or ignorant. my inner voice screams: you need help man, get some help, you cannot continue like this, but my mouth keeps shut. dont know if i am feared of it or why it is, but its just kept shut.


let me tell you that i really had good friends. they invited me all the time to birthday parties, and to go out and have dinner together and so on, but i just wasnt going there... i havent replied to their messages or calls or what ever ... the last 8 months it got quiet. havent got a message since months of them. i think they forgot me. probably i earned to be forgotten and probably i want to be forgotten because i cannot get the energy anyway to go out with them. but when i think about the silence it feels weird.


can u imagine doing nothing for months? living alone in silence and darkness? there had been times where i couldnt but now it is ho it is.


anyway .. i'll stop writing, anyway useless.. in latest 3 minutes there will be a voice with: i am going to kill myself, i will be shocked for 2 seconds and then continue doing nothing .. i really hoped i start crying during this text but there is nothing .. omg i am just a piece of shit ..


peace


I'm breaking down
I never thought I'd be posting something like this online...


I'm a generally happy person. Seriously. People around me enjoy my company. I have a really supportive family. I have a lot of fulfilling hobbies that make me happy. I don't really want to be alive right now though. I'm not going to hurt myself; I wouldn't do that. I don't have any suicidal thoughts. I just... if I was on a plane and it was crashing right now I'd feel relieved. When I go to bed I kinda hope I don't wake up again.


I was seeing this woman for almost 4 years. We were in a long distance relationship and really in love. When we spent time together we were really happy. The start of our relationship was a bit rocky due to me recovering from an abusive relationship, but she seemed to understand. She really helped out on that recovery and helped me trust again. Looking at things now I'm not sure if I actually fully recovered, but at least I felt like I was on the right track. Anyway we were talking about getting married. Living together. Adopting kids. It would have been great. We were genuinely happy together.


She cheated on me.


Neither of us could fully explain why it happened. I'm sure distance played a part. I probably could have been a more emotionally attentive partner, and I had vowed to work on that. The first instance of cheating didn't end in sex because she stopped it. Due to that, I figured we could repair our relationship. She clearly had enough insight to stop things before they got out of hand. But I lost my cool and got angry at her and broke up. We didn't talk much so she started talking to that guy again, and then I realized I was making a mistake and she seemed to sincerely want me back, so I decided to start repairing things again. She was already into it with that guy though. They slept together after I decided to start repairing things. She didn't tell me and just let me go on thinking I could salvage our relationship. I got a ticket to visit here and she and I were in a hotel together when I grabbed her phone to look up a YouTube video since mine wasn't in reach. That wasn't really an invasion: she and I always did that with each others phones. She immediately grabbed the phone out of my hand though. That had never happened and it made an impression. The next morning I checked out her phone and she had been sharing nudes with this guy and sexting. I blew up. I lost it. I told her to get the fuck out of my life and never talk to me again. I changed my ticket home and left the next day.


I'm not the type of person that holds grudges or tries to define someone by a single action, but I was upset. I didn't talk to her for a week and she kept sending me messages apologizing and trying to explain herself. Eventually, I decided to hear her out. When someone wrongs another person sometimes it is best to try to actually have some sort of restorative conversation in my mind. I had no intention of getting back together then, but I think trying to understand each other would help us both. We talked and talked and we agreed to meet up for a week.


I had a lot of fun that week. We enjoyed each others company and spent time together, kinda like before. I cried a few nights, but that was expected. I still decided we weren't going to be getting back together right now.


I cry almost every day now. Like violent crying. Full body spasm crying. I don't actually have that many friends where I live since I was planning to move somewhere with her. I thought "oh this is typical break up stuff" but this is different. It has been over a month now, more than a couple months if you take the whole thing into account. I still have the same broken feeling. I still just want to not wake up one morning. I still cry a lot. I think back a lot on the abusive girlfriend and I cry about that. I think about a previous girlfriend that also was unfaithful and I cry about that. I spilled coffee today and I cried for like 20 minutes because of it. I feel broken. Broken is really the only word that works. I don't want anything. I don't want to eat. I don't want to sleep. I don't want to wake up. I don't want to have fun. I don't want anything. Completely empty. I don't want to ever trust someone again. I went out a few times and tried to meet some people, but I'd just leave early and cry in the car.


My healthcare doesn't cover the therapists in my area. I actually make a decent amount of money and I can afford one anyway, but I'm being really hesitant and I don't know why.


I just want someone to hear me. I know there are people in worse situations, but I also know that I'm not being melodramatic here, something is really different than every other time I've just been sad.


I feel like what is happening to me right now is just the culmination of every bad experience I've had with a woman finally coming to the forefront. The abusive partner. My first girlfriend cheating on me. When I was in college I was friends with this girl who liked me, but I told her I didn't like her like that. One day she finally broke me down and she kissed me. She got me to bring her back to my room and we "had sex": I couldn't get an erection so it wasn't really sex... I know I could have said "no", but I guess I was just vulnerable at that moment? I dunno. I understood why people don't say "no" sometimes after that night, but I wanted her to leave the whole time. I was so uncomfortable I just wanted to do whatever I could to get her to leave. I never told anyone my side of that story and a lot of mutual friends were angry at me for what happened that night. All of this stuff is just swimming around in my head all day. Every day.
I hate being Sick
Yesterday I catched a Cold and fucking hate being not able to do anything besides laying bed like the fucking worthless meatsack that I am. Now I have too much time to think about how much I hate my Life, when I am "healthy" I can take my ADHD meds and drown myself in work, in order to keep the dark thoughts away, though I admit it isnt a healthy way to deal with my depressed state, but at this point I dont give a damn. I feel lonely most of the time. I hope that one day i am not on alert when crossing the street and a car crushes my skelelton into tiny little pieces. No day ends without me thinking about how pointless my life is and why i should go on. I dont talk about it with my mother because she is a sensitve soul and it would crush her hearing something like that from her only son (and a failure at that). Fuck it. Tomorrow I will pump myself full with painkillers and work till i drop dead. Atleast That way my life feels like it has a purpose