I am bad.
I am stupid.
I am worthless.
I am a loser.
I don’t deserve good things.
I am a failure.
I am not enough.
I am not good enough.
I don’t matter.
I am boring.
I am crazy and unstable.
I am a mistake.
I am helpless.
I am ugly.
I am shameful.
I am uninteresting.


I am the most worthless person on earth.


I can't do everything right.


I can't get anything done.


I am an utter disappointment and disgrace to my family (especially for my parents)


I don't have anything that interest me.


I don't have any achievement worth noting, let alone i also left behind in terms of accomplishment by any person at my age.


People would never understand me and care about me as it is. They expect something in return, that makes me feel sick about this society and just wanted me to more isolate myself.


I am disposable


I am unworthy


I am not worth anything


I am not interesting enough


I am no good


I never come first


I always come second


I’m nothing


I’m not valuable


I am uninteresting


I am unimportant


I’m not anybody


I am nobody
I’m nobody


Supporting beliefs and predictions


Nobody values me


Nobody cares about me


People who say nice things to me don’t mean them


Linked Issues


Self worth; Loyalty, Difficulty giving or receiving gifts, congratulations, love or appreciation;




From Twitter with ‘I am worthless’:


am i that worthless


but then I remember how worthless I am and that no one will ever love me.


Y do i feel so untalented like everyone else around me has their own distinguishable hobbies and interests and here i am a truly worthless untalented human being.There are ppl out there who are better than me and it just sucks to think that I've been on this earth for 16 years


More proof of how worthless I am. And how I'm irrelevant.


I am told that I am a weak, illiterate, ill, and worthless refugee yet somehow I strike fear across an entire continent


I am weak, ill and a worthless, shameful servant. 


instead i feel like a fucking idiot and that my feelings are redundant, unspecial, that i am just emulating, copying, being stupid, useless and or worthless


Am I the only one that ever feels worthless


When I feel tired,
Fighting the battle alone.


When I feel worthless,
Betrayed and taken for granted.


When I feel unworthy,
Being left behind and accused.


Tired of feeling like I am not good enough. I wish someone saw my worth. Maybe they do.. maybe I am worthless.


But because I have anxiety disorder it means nothing. Im nothing and Im worthless because I have this. Because im jealous and insecure I dont deserve to be happy. That’s what the world tells me


Why am I such a worthless fucking failure?


im suddenly reminded about how worthless i am as a person.


love constantly being reminded how worthless I actually am


I am a worthless piece of shit and I always will be.


I am not attractive.
I am boring.
I am not good enough.
I am worthless.


I am nothing.


I want to go to the place that no one can recognize how worthless i am.


Why am I so weak and emotional


Damn, my insecurities are fucking killing me😭 Why am I a worthless piece of shit?


From Twitter with ‘I am not good enough’:


Sorry if I am not good enough. Sometimes I really felt like I'm empty inside.


Tired of feeling like I am not good enough. I wish someone saw my worth. Maybe they do.. maybe I am worthless.


i wonder why i am not good enough to make u stay


I spend so many nights thinking why I am not good enough for anyone and why I am always left out and made to feel alone. And why people say they are always there but aren’t have I done something wrong


Maybe i am not good enough to be the one that you can proud of


There’s so much at stake. My latin honor dreams and my scholarships. It feels like they are waving goodbye. What a frustrating day. It’s a testament that I am not good enough for this.


I told myself I'd stop wallowing in self-pity and start taking control, but here I am telling myself yet again that I am not good enough.


But even when I try I think I am not good enough


Cant stop crying
cant sleep
thinking why i am not good enough


I am mentally low. I think i am not good enough though


i , i am tired. i am hurt. i am so sick. i am feeling useless. i am over thinking. i am not good enough. i am never gonna be happy. i am just a piece of shit. i am a failure . all these thoughts crashed my mind because its night time.


I am not good enough for any man on this planet


Everything feels like saying I am not good enough..


From Twitter with ‘I am stupid’:


no, I don’t deserve to be happy 


look how disgusting I am 


I’m ugly, fat and stupid and deserve to die


I am Not Perfect 😥💔
I Say Stupid Things Some Times 😔
I Laugh When I'm not Supposed to 😑
I have Scars Left by People who Did me Wrong 😥😥
I'm a Little Crazy 💆💆
And Probably Won't Change 😒


i hate my stupid fat bloated ugly body and i hate that i have to watch my form when i walk past of a mirror. it makes me want to curl up and die because i literally look so fat and awful. why does nothing i do change this gross fucking flesh prison i am cursed with.


From Twitter with ‘I hate myself’:


I hate myself for being such a soft hearted person and easily to cry.


one thing i hate about myself is i always jaga hati orang. like i don’t mind feeling unappreciated or whatever as long as the people i care about doesn’t feel that way. it sucks. it really sucks. but that’s me. what to do


I really hate thinking about things that hurt me. It makes me feel sick to my stomach all over again. Like replaying that shit in my head makes me so mad at myself that I feel embarrassed and shamed.


i hate myself for being sensitive.


i fucking hate myself for being such an overthinker


Ugh I can’t deal with how ugly I am, hate comparing myself to other girls


shit im so sorry for being such a baby, crying over silly things, get mad without reason and being too sensitive and annoying af but dont worry i understand, i hate myself too for being like this.


I hate myself in the Mirror


I hate myself for being sad all the time


I hate disappointing myself


From Twitter with ‘I feel unworthy’:


I feel unworthy of love


i feel like i am so unworthy for someone’s to love me.


im gonna choke myself i feel so unworthy


Always felt this kind of pain whenever I feel unworthy, unproductive and useless.


Tonight I’m struggling. When you are perceived as a leader, you feel afraid to show that the struggles happen. Does this make me unworthy, that I have hard times?


I feel unworthy & worthless rn tbh. Ugh I want out of this shit


I feel unworthy. I feel undeserving.


When they ask you to describe yourself I feel so useless unworthy at that time


From Twitter with ‘I dont deserve:


feel like i dont deserve anything good at all


I think i talked too much today and i was being too happy, maybe something terrible is coming soon, i dont deserve to be this happy


thank you for making me realise that i dont belong or deserve to be with anyone .


I shut down and push people away. Even when it’s at times when i need someone the most. And as much as i dont want to, for some reason, i do it anyway. I isolate myself and suffer from silence bcs i feel thats what i have to do and i dont deserve help.


why do i have this feeling that i dont deserve happiness


Maybe I dont deserve anything good I guess


I want to die right now i dont deserve to live i should be dead already i dont want to hurt no more just leave me to slit them open and let me leave this place


i dont deserve this life


I fight but I lose
I try but I wrong
Now I know that I dont
deserve , so i stop


so damn insecure where i feel like i dont fucking deserve anyone


I stay fucking up everything i dont deserve anything life is meaningless if im gunna ruin everything i touch


Reddit:
I dont deserve to live
All i do is burden my family and friends and make my little brothers life unnessesarly hard.


Reddit:
Just realise I dont deserve love anymore
I dont deserve a good girlfriend anymore. I dont deserve to be loved and treated like a king. I dont deserve to have a girlfriend who wants me to have a better future. I dont deserve to be with someone who has a lots of aspirations while I dont. I dont deserve to be around a person who can treat me so good and give me opportunities to go out and discover the world. I dont deserve to be loved because once you have experienced that type of love and threw it away because you werent enough and deep down you knew she deserved better than a guy who can stick to anything and isnt as good as she was in everything.


It sucks to know that you arent enough, despise the things you do to improve yourself. Im just a failure.


Reddit:
I dont deserve the life I have. My life should have been given to someone who can actually be a functioning human being. I can't study, eat, sleep. I can't even cry anymore. I dont even get to have that release. Im crippled by how sad and useless I am. I just cant wait till I get the balls to finally end it all.


i dont deserve anything but to just exist the way i already do in my misery


It feels like i have made my own laziness acceptable by making people think im depressed. I dont deserve help I dont think i deserve to exist


I feel like I'm floating through time and space. It's hard living life, I have a lot to be thankful for but I still feel weird about having it, like i dont deserve it.